1 perfectly fits the books ' atmosphere . for those of you unfamiliar with the `` a series of unfortunate events '' books , they detail the absurdly tragic lives of the fictional baudelaire orphans , and their struggles to overcome adversity ( after adversity , after adversity , ad infinitum ) . hovering in the background of their tragedies and occasional , brief glimpses of happiness , is their distant cousin , the scheming , greedy , conniving , ruthless cousin , the count . given the concept of the story , this poster fits perfectly , with the orphans , standing together but otherwise alone , in the middle , with the shadow of the count casting gloom upon them . it is a perfect fit , as is the casting of jim carrey as the count
1 no more doggy fueds with neighbor . i absolutely love this product . my neighbor has four little yippers and my shepard/chow mix was antogonized by the yipping on our side of the fence . i hung the device on my side of the fence and the noise keeps the neighbors dog from picking `` arguments '' with my dog . all barking and fighting has ceased . all the surrounding neighbor as well as me can get a good nights sleep now
1 worked for us . i purchased 3 units and they work well for us . i have 2 units in children 's bedrooms on ac power and the 3rd in the kitchen on batteries for portability . the sound is clear and set-up and use is very easy . the best thing about these units is the vox answer option . i have this option turned on in the kid 's room and they merely have to answer back when i talk to them first without having to push the `` talk '' button . this is very handy when you are talking to a 3 yr. old that does n't quite understand how to use this . i attached a large , very thin magnet on the back of my kitchen unit and i keep it on my fridge ; but can bring it with me to other parts of the house if necessary . the only small annoying feature is every time the `` talk '' button is pressed , a beep occurs . but the other features outweight that small annoyance for me
1 new fry-guy - pretty pleased ... . i 've always wanted a deep fryer , and finally decided to take the plunge . after doing quite a bit of research , i decided on this model - picked one up at bed , bath , and beyond with a 20 % coupon . in my opinion , you generally get what you pay for - so the extra cost vs. competitors was n't a real concern . i must say , overall , i am quite pleased . while i am new to frying , i found it extraordinarily easy ( it is pretty hot though , so be careful ) . only complaint would be that the capacity is a little on the small side , say if you 're cooking entrees for a larger family ( for example , you can really only fit 3 ( maybe 4 ) pieces of chicken at a time ) . but since the chicken needs to cool down anyway , this was n't such a major issue . it came out nice , crispy , and golden brown - not too soggy , not too crisp - perfect . i figure if it can handle the chicken , vegetables and smaller portions will be a piece of cake . although i 've only fried a couple of batches , i am beyond pleased - but i 'll let you know if i have any problems ... great item so far though .
1 excellent fryer . easy to use , easy to clean . two major requirements for a kitchen appliance for me to be happy . this thing is easier to clean than my old george foreman grill ( and that to me was a pain in the neck ) . the only time it can be a little messy is when you change the oil , which i do every 2 to 3 weeks depending on how much i 've used it and what i 've cooked . if i 'm doing just veggies , i keep the oil . if i do a meat or seafood , i 'll change the oil right after . very pleased overall .
1 best . knife . ever . i 've been a german knife snob for years . but this 8-inch chef 's knife by japan 's global is the finest blade i 've ever owned . period . maybe it 's not as easy to sharpen as a wustof or a henckel , but then again , it holds its edge ten times longer . i 've spent ten years and hundreds ( and hundreds and hundreds ! ) of dollars collecting german steel . global is so good that it has me thinking of starting all over again
1 absolutely great . i have a number of booklites , different vendors , different styles , some ac adapter , some straight battery , cheap to higher prices , and this one is the best , the brightest , the one i will most often use . it is connected to adapter and kept near computerat all times . i am careful with such items , do n't expect any problems , most booklites are not meant to be manhandled
1 great products . used vet 's rx to treat my dog 's ear and it didnt seem to work . after reading reviews i decided to try this . after only 1 week i noticed a considerable amount of change in her ears for the better . would recommend to others
1 i love this processor . i was so thrilled when i unpacked my processor . it is so high quality and professional in both looks and performance . it has so many features that i love , especially the triple bowl which allows you to process more than one substance at a time . the egg beater attachment is excellent also . i am one happy customer and recommend this processor to all
1 excellent product and transaction . the kitchenaid kfpw760 is exactly as advertised . it has three nested work bowls . the inner , smallest one takes a special blade ( a smaller version of the standard processor blade ) . it 's perfect for pulverizing/mixing small quantities of things . pulling the used bowl out leaves the next one ready for use without having to stop and clean something . the same is true for the next one until you reach the largest , 12 cup bowl . a number of blades come in a well designed transparent and strong storage box ( finally , a way to keep everything together ) . the unit even has with a fruit juicer accessory that replaces the bowl . it 's the kind with the rotating hub ( two hub sizes are included , one for lemons and a larger one for oranges , etc ) . while it seems to work , it 's not as convenient as a low cost dedicated version such as the black and decker , but what the heck , it 's worth trying . the motor is quiet and you get a real feeling of professionalism when using it . at first i was disappointed that there were n't any fancy front panel switch options , but after thinking about it , you only need the provided on , off and pulse . would i buy it again ? absolutely . would i buy it again from amazon ? again , absolutely . the transaction was without difficulty and the shipment actually came earlier than promised
1 close to perfect bookcase . i love this bookcase . my only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split ( a bit ) , but it still fit together , so i kept it ( excuse the rhymes , please ) . it 's amazing that despite being somewhat broken it still holds 60 books , including some big heavy hardcovers , 20 dvds , 3 dvd box sets , 12 videotapes , and a few pictures and knicknacks . and yet it takes up hardly any space in my tiny bedroom . best part : the ease with which you can put it together . i have ms , so being able to put furniture together by myself is a very big deal . highly recommended
1 awesome ! perfect ! . as a tea lover for 30 years , i have to say this electric kettle is the best one in terms of cost-benefit and performance . i 've used this kettle for more than 1 year and it 's still working perfectly . it boils water very quickly and keeps warm for a while . a+
1 good , cheap , with one small reservation . my only reservation is for safety sake , it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless , because when you fill this in the sink you must be very careful not to get the electrical prong that connects to the cord wet .
1 awesome for dorms , tea drinkers . this kettle is amazing . it 's simple -- you plug it in and flip the switch ( a light turns on to let you know it 's working ) . it heats very quickly , and lt ; 5 minutes for a full kettle of boiling water and if you only want a cup or two for tea , it heats in about 3 . for students in dorms , you can use it for oatmeal , soup , tea . automatically cuts off after boiling for a minute , so no worries about fire hazards . great product , i use it every day .
1 these towels are so soft and fluffy ! . i love using them and when washed in fabric softener they are great . it is a great deal . was kind of worried before purchase from reading some of the other reviews but after having had them a week , my whole family loves them . they are much better than the more expensive famous designer towels that i have . for people who are complaining about these towels , go price similar items at your local high end department stores
1 great product . braun makes the best coffee makers and this feature makes it even better . the coffee tastes more smooth because of this filter . i love it
1 canning kit . great kit however the book that comes with the kit needs some work . the photos in the book are not accurate with the descriptions . i recommend that if you need canning instructions or recipes you get a separate book
1 churchill china dinnerware . when i first saw this pattern on-line , i was truly impressed with the design . this pattern was exactly what i had been searching for such a long time . however , after i received the shipment , i could n't believe how even more beautiful these dishes were ... and they compliment the wallpaper that 's in my dining room ! best purchase i have made in a very long time
1 excellent kid 's game . as a mathematician , game theorist , and proud chi omicron chi ( xox , aka `` xocks '' ) brother , i have always been interested in this the simplest of m , n , k games , i.e . games in which players alternate placing markers on an m x n board with each player trying to place k of his or her markers in a row . as every game theorist knows , perfect tic-tac-toe play by both players results in a tie game every time , with neither player achieving victory . the clever child will figure this out on her own , as i did at an early age , and i lost interest in playing tic-tac-toe before i turned five . i never lost interest , however , in studying tic-tac-toe and similar games , which began my pursuit of mathematics and game theory , and partly accounts for my joining chi omicron chi as a college freshman . as part of our initiation , pledges had to play a modified form of tic-tac-toe with vodka-filled shot glasses for markers . each player had five glasses , and as he placed his marker , he would empty his glass . the loser would drink the remaining shot glasses . most of us knew how to play perfect games of tic-tac-toe , so really the point of the game , as with most fraternity games , was to see who could best hold his liquor . i do remember one unfortunate pledge , bob , who never figured out how to play perfect tic-tac-toe and nearly drank himself into catatonia . all these thoughts came rushing , so to speak , back to me when i saw the `` shot glasses tic-tac-toe '' available for so reasonable a price at about a dollar per component . i have a four-year-old son who has yet to perfect his tic-tac-toe game , so i bought this set to educate him . we play the same way i did in the xocks fraternity house . of course i do n't give him pure vodka in his shot glasses ; he only weighs 35 lbs . as 35 lbs represents approximately a fifth of my own weight , i dilute his vodka in a 1-to-4 dilution with orange juice . i know what you 're thinking : what happens when he loses and must finish off the remaining shot glasses , including mine ? i am nothing if not fair , so when he loses , i give him an equivalent amount of diluted vodka to however much pure vodka i have remaining in my shot glasses . since i , knowing how to play perfect tic-tac-toe , never lose to my son , the reverse problem , my having to drink his remaining shots , never occurs . my son loses more often than not , and he usually ends up walking into walls , falling down , and later becoming violently sick . you would think all this negative reinforcement would promote rapid and forceful mastery of tic-tac-toe , but his cognitive development must be lacking . i can only surmise that the time delay between his losing tic-tac-toe games and the negative effects of alcohol poisoning inhibits his forming the negatively reinforcing connections . he still loves to play , however , but his game , if anything , seems to be getting worse , almost as if he is trying to lose
1 great knives . these knives are great . they are very sharp and of high quality .
1 must have ! ! ! . i thought i could n't live without my cuisinart or kitchen aide - this product goes on the same list ! ! ! this was the easiest , best performing kitchen and quot ; gizmo and quot ; i have ever had . a must for entertaining and holiday baking - simple , easy - no mess ! gone are the days with the and quot ; one at a time and quot ; with the gas burner ! ! love it , love it ! !
1 who knew ? ? ! . this is my third pair of kitchen shears . the first was $ 10 and lasted a week . i thought the second pair was just fine until my shun shears arrived . these cut well and are also very smooth while cutting . they fit my hand nicely . i can really feel the difference in quality . these can perform different functions -- opening bottles , jar opener , nut cracker -- one blade has a curve in it to accomodate bone . i love that they are dishwasher safe . i probably would n't have purchashed these if i were not completing a shun set . but now that i have them , this is what i should have been using all along
1 a good knife but quality control was poor . the knife is solid and very comfortable in hand , however , when i got it new , the blade is slightly bent . i expect it to be in almost perfect condition , but it 's not
1 i am not a chef but with this knife i feel like one . this knife is well worth the money . it is not only sharp but it behaves in your hand begging to be tuned loose on meat vegetables , fruit you name it . honestly , i felt it was too much for me but as i got better accustomed to its heft , i knew it was me that did not possess the skills to wield the tool . do not doubt yourself , learning to use it is a joy . treat yourself
1 very nice tea press . i really like this tea press . it is the perfect size for one person .
1 expensive but well worth it . i made plenty of pizzas on several types of thin metal baking pans , and the results were consistenly mediocre . now however , with this pizza stone , i no long find myself ordering pizza for delivery . 1 cup water or beer 2 1/2 cups flour ( maybe a 1/4-cup of whole-wheat flour mixed in ) 1 package of dry yeast 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon sugar 1 tablespoon butter knead and let rise twice ( i used to do it by hand , but now i have a bread maker which works perfectly for this purpose on the 'dough ' setting ) . this makes two pizzas around 14 inches in diameter . either roll them out with a rolling pin , or press them into shape by hand . the dough seems to be too elastic to `` throw '' it into shape - i think it 's a skill that takes a long while to master . i make pizza sauce with a can of tomato paste , some red wine and/or water , chopped parsley , chopped basil , dried oregano , chopped garlic and chopped onion . i 've also used pasta sauce ( prego or ragu ) with acceptable results . i almost always top with mozarella and thinly-sliced mushrooms . i use parchment baking paper under the pizza . i slide it on and off the stone this way , without resorting to corn meal . this works perfectly for me every time . heat the oven up _hot_ ( 500 degrees ) . it will only take 5 minutes to bake at this temperature . when the cheese is beginning to brown around the edges , it is done . the crust is golden-brown on the bottom , with just a bit of crunch . if i let the crust rise a bit after preparing the pizza , it will be softer and thicker . store-bought frozen pizzas are also better when cooked on this stone . i 'm giving only 4 stars because of the price . there must be a cheaper alternative to this stone , but i 'm not complaining too much , because i 've thoroughly enjoyed the pizzas it 's produced
1 this bargain beauty works great ! . i had never used a pizza stone but , thought they might be fun so , i put one on my registry . i made pizza on the stone using store bought dough and got rave reviews from friends . would definately reccomend this to a friend ! just remember to let the stone heat thoroughly before using .
1 excellant machine . i purchased this machine for my father , who is completely blind , but a complete coffee fiend . he finds this machine easy to use , and loves the fact that he can make as many or as few cups . i highly recommend this machine
1 great pans for the price . heavy duty and scratch resistant ( my husband always tests this with his house key ) . good value for the money
1 buy it but keep your iron . i just received my jiffy steamer j-4000 pro-line . it was missing a funnel which would be no big deal if they had not printed the words `` use enclosed funnel '' in caps every where . i sent an email and they said they will send me one ( they seem to have a good customer service ) . now that we have dispensed with the whining , lets talk about the product itself . if you need sharp lines on your pants or shirt stick with your iron , this is not for you . however if you would like to take wrinkles out of your clothes and you do n't want to bother with hanging them in the bathroom while you take a shower or taking them out of the dryer on time , this does do an amazing job . i have also purchased a jiffy personal hand held steamer that works fairly well and provides adequate amount of steam for most of your needs . however if you take wrinkles out frequently and have the space go for j-4000 . you get the wrinkles out faster . if you have a concern about startup time , you do have some control over that . i just put enough cold water in there for a few shirts and it started steaming in 4 minutes . if you put hot water out of the tab and reduce the amount of water you can get even quicker startup time . or you can put it on standby in the morning before you go to the shower and put it on steam when you are ready to use it . standby setting uses a thermostat to keeps the water temperature at 90c degrees ( close to boiling ) . if you can afford it , buy one . it would make a great re-gift item if you find out that you do n't like it
1 the more you use it , the more you will love it . i absolutely love my kitchenaid mixer . i like to bake and always use my mixer . i use it to mix cake batters and knead dough . cakes come out perfect every time . the mixer is a necessity for every baker 's kitchen . it is a durable product and will last a lifetime . the mixer is well built and well designed . cleanup is easy too . just remove the bowl and beater and wash by hand or in the dishwasher . the mixer comes with one bowl , kneading hook , flat paddle beater and whisk-type beater . there are also many accessories available for the kitchenaid mixers . i recommend the kitchenaid mixer for every kitchen . the more you use it , the more you will love it .
1 fantastic . this is a perfect machine for the office . it takes up very little space , is very simple to use , cleaning is a breeze . you can fill the water tank so that water is ready when you are for a cup of delicious coffee . i purchased this coffee maker for my husband 's office and for my wallet . in his building there is a coffee shop but at $ [ ... ] a cup and time away from the desk 1 half hour per cup this was an expensive habit . the melitta paid for itself in a few days . you ca n't go wrong with this produc
1 different glaze on red mugs . i ordered all three colors of these mugs - red , blue and white . the blue and white mugs have a shiny , even glaze . the red glaze is mottled and has more of a matte finish , giving it a more rustic , country look . the mugs are great but the three different colors look very different and really do n't match each other .
1 works well . works well , well built and easy to clean . have no problems after a few months of use
1 have used and loved this product for three years . i have used this filter daily for over a year and love it . at first i tried using it in a `` mr. coffee '' style machine , but found that my coffee grind was too fine and the water would filter through too slowly and overflow if i made more than 2 cups . since i make coffee for one or two people usually , and do n't like to leave the coffee on the hot pad , so this was okay for me . then i switched to single-cup method using a drip filter holder that fits over the cup . i bought it along with a cup at a starbucks about 3 years ago . one thing that is great about the swissgold filter is that it cleans so easily . the first time i rinsed it out i took a paper towel to the inside and it came out clean . i was very surprised . ( not so with the plastic filter holder . ) the taste is great , and i have n't purchased coffee filters in 3 years . once i tried it with a coarse grind coffee in my coffemaker , which i received as a gift , and that worked out okay , too . currently i am using it with my caffiene free teeccino herbal coffees ( help me keep my blood pressure normal under stress ) , and the filter works very well with those blends . so i highly recommend it . it pays for itself if you are looking at it from that aspect .
1 good for a quick cup . me being an avid coffee drinker i will have to say if you want a quick cup it does the job . for the money its cheap and provides a quick cup but you better have good coffee i used the pods and found it to be weak at time and sometimes you need a stronger cup i think more brewing is better . sometimes was a bit messy water all over the place but maybe im a bull in a china shop would recommend the item i spent more on starbucks in a week
1 nice little steamer ! . this may sound odd , but this is the first steamer that i have ever had . so needless to say , i do not have others to compare it to . however , i find that i use it more than i thought i would ! the unfolded steamer fits perfectly in the pot that i most use for vegies and the like , and when i pull out the sides ( the steaming tray ) it fits nicely up the sides of the pot . besides your basic steamed vegies , i find that it 's perfect for warming up leftovers like rice , leaving it hot and fluffy . i like that the handle extends , so you can keep the cover on it while cooking , but you can extend the handle for easier lifting . and you ca n't beat the price
1 what 's with all the fuss ? . so i read all your reviews previous to my purchase on this and was skeptical . there were many reviewers that complained about cracks and problems holding an air-tight seal . mine work perfectly ! they are invaluable and i 'm glad i bought two of these canisters . are you people sending the canisters through the dishwasher ? if so , stop it ! the intense heat will eventually crack anything made of plastic . do you have an old model vacuum sealer ? maybe that 's the problem - a performance issue . i have the newer stainless steel v2860 and you could n't pry that out of my hands ! i would give it 10 stars if there was such a rating . today , i give this product 5 stars . like most products - only time will tell how well they will hold out in the long run
1 sealed to perfection and make them last longer . at first i thought i would n't be able to decide what to use this for , but right away i remembered that i just bought a six pack of onion rolls and they always seemed to have to be frozen and were just not the same later or went moldy in the fridge , so i vacuum sealed them in this and they were good to the last one with no flavor change at all . yummy ! ; 7
1 great value . i love this wok . heavy duty compared to woks you buy at oriental stores . i highly recommend it
1 outstanding utility knives ! . at first i was turned off by the bright ( gaudy ) colors . however , i have learned to appreciate that these knives are color-coded ! they stand out in the knife drawer , and you can always find the one you are looking for . consequently , the right knife is used to get the job done . the knives are indestructable and durable . we have owned ours 4-5 years and they show no unusual wear . put them into the dishwasher ! we do n't do that with another knife ( regretted it when we have ) , but these can take it . the knives are well-designed for function , comfortable to handle , strong , and sharp . we love them and gave sets to our adult kids who always are commenting on how useful they are . friends that visit and use ours comment favorably on them . these are n't showy knives for formal dining nor will they impress anyone with your classy style . however , they do impress everyone who uses them . and , the price is nice
1 excellent set of forged steak knives . i have had these knives for about 6 months now and could not be happier . they have excellent balance and feel . a major improvement to the stamped knives that comes with the calphalon 15 piece set . the wood storage tray that comes with the knives is not very nice ( light pine with no finish ) , but i do n't use it anyway
1 works as promised - reconditioned no problem . delighted to have it for my wood floors , tile and area rugs . works great picking up cat fur and other organic and non-organic detritus that collects . does require emptying the fur catcher and cleaning the brush regularly - gosh darn ! so much easier to do that than taking a broom or dust mop to the entire house . also have to set up the virtual walls and carry it upstairs and down , when i want to change areas being cleaned . again , gosh darn ! ca n't totally eliminate all the work , no matter how much i might like to . do n't know what was wrong with it initially that it needed to be reconditioned , but its fine now
1 pre-seasoned is a plus , but not necessary . fabulous oven ! . this dutch oven is a workhorse in my kitchen . i purchased it pre-seasoned because i 've never had a factory-seasoned piece of cast iron cookware . bottom line : while the pre-seasoning was a plus , it 's not necessary . just follow the seasoning instructions that come with all the lodge cookware , and you 'll be fine . my family has had cast iron for generations , and i wo n't pay the exhorbitant prices for those `` upscale , professional '' dutch ovens that are all the rage these days . this lodge oven browns spectacularly , and while the dark interior may not show the developing fond as well as a lighter one , that 's not a problem if one simply uses one 's nose . we can all tell when enough is enough ... i particularly like the spikes on the lid of this oven which are n't present on the more expensive ones . these spikes allow condensation to fall back only my roasts while they cook and i do n't have to worry about a dry product . the lid on this oven also fits the 12-inch skillet which i own , and that 's a plus . it conducts heat well and when i use it camping as an oven , breads and biscuits come out as well as at home . yes , it 's heavy , but that 's the nature of cast iron , no ? ? if you want something lighter that comes close to the quality of this lodge piece , be prepared to shell out big bucks
1 best can cooler made ! ! . this is the second one of these i 've purchased ( the first was a thermos branded one without the cover ) . it keeps my can of soda , etc cold throughout and adds a touch of class to keeping it on my desk . both of these are very rugged and i would highly recommend over a standard foam cooler . absolutely the most functional , effective , and classy cooler i 've ever had !
1 nissan multi-function can insulator . the nissan multi-function can insulator is a lightweight versatile stainless steel holder that effectively keeps canned beverages cold . my mother and i find the product allows our soft drinks to remain cold after more than two hours . i have two conveniently stored in the center console of my automobile , 1 at the office , and 1 in my luggage for travel .
1 lodge logic cornstick pan . just used my pan last night and as always with lodge logic pans they were awesome ! i highly recommend them . =
1 new everyday dishes after 20 years ! . i 'm sure that you will love this set as much as my family and i do ! each piece is durable and good looking ! my original set was also by sango , and i gave it away after 20 years only because my decor had changed dramactically . now my neighbor is enjoying my original service for 12 . i expect to enjoy my new gold dust set for at least , the next 20 years
1 skip cheap imitators with fancy gadgets . when we got married 7 years ago , we were given a hand mixer of another brand ( sunbeam , i think ) that had seven ( or was it nine ? ) speeds and lots of different attachments ( dough hook , wisk , etc. , none of wich worked well ) . i have a hard time remembering exact spefications because it died after 6 months , and i had n't even mixed anything heavy with it ! i always mixed most of my flour into things by hand to try to spare the motor ( my mom had burnt through several mixers ) . so we went to the store , and for $ 30 we could get another cheap brand with many speeds and fancy gadgets ( several brands and models available ) , or we could get this kitchenaid with one set of beaters and three speeds . i chose this simple kitchaid and have never been sorry . this little hand mixer takes it all -- even stiff cookie dough like roll-out sugar cookies . and it mixes every last bit of the flour in . beaters do n't clog , dough mixes up smooth . i plan on someday getting a bigger kitchenaid , but so far have n't needed it . if you are on a budget , and need to get the most power for your penny , this is the best purchase you could possibly make
1 perfect and evenly toasted ! . i have owned a lot of crappy toasters and actually have n't gotten another for the past 6 years . i 've resorted to pan toasting in order to avoid another bad purchase . finally got tired of so much effort for toast and broke down and got this toaster . it 's so easy to use and it even defrosts frozen bread and can warm up an already toasted slice without retoasting . worked amazingly well to heat a cold slice of pizza but i 'm sure braun is cringing if they read this ! i love the little pull out tray , you do n't have to pick up the whole darn thing and hold it over the sink and beat it to death ! the toast comes out very even and perfectly toasted every time . slots are wide too so a bagel is no problem . it is fast too , so you wo n't miss it not being a 4 slice toaster . i think you will be pleased with this great toaster , i am
1 an elegantly designed long and wide toaster . the braun ht500 is one of the best designed toasters i have ever used . what i really like ... . 1 . a single long and wide slot , allowing you to toast large or unusually shaped pieces of bread . i have used it to toast very thick pieces of bread , long hoagee rolls , and those huge hamberger buns that wo n't fit in a standard toaster slot . 2 . very clean , modern appearance . looks great sitting on the kitchen counter , whereas many of the other toaster models today look like ugly chrome spaceships from the 1950 's . personally , i 'm not into that kind of retro look . 3 . an led light that is clearly visible when the toaster is `` on '' , allowing you to quickly see the status of your toast from the other side of the room . 4 . when the toast is done , it pops-up only part way . this helps keep your toast warm prior to you extracting it . you then pull the lever up a notch higher and it raises the toast up very high , making it easy to pull-out even very small pieces of bread . 5 . it toasts evenly . of course , you would expect this . but you 'd be surprised how some very expensive toasters i 've used in the past were often poor in this area . of all those items , the first one is by far the most important . strangely however , few manufacturers today make a long and wide toaster any longer . braun is one of the few that does . that fact combined with the great design is reason for me to give it a hearty recommendation
1 fantastic . great blender ! i use it daily to make smoothies and it never fails . powerful motor purees frozen fruits great ! ! simple -- only two speeds . easy clean-up
1 a step above the rest . i have only used this blender once , but already i love it . i will update my review if anything changes . no more cheapo blenders for me ! i have tried oster ( really bad ) , and black and decker from walmart ( a tad better , but it did n't work on frozen fruit and ice ) . first , with the waring , i made a frozen island oasis mix using ice , and the consistency was amazing . second , since i 'm single , i absolutely love the small size ( i think it 's like 24 oz or so ) . third , it 's not really that loud . i mean no louder than any other blender i 've used . fourth , there are no cheap plastic parts ! yay ! only high quality parts . the jar is stainless steel . if the two top pieces are plastic or polycarbanate ( ? ) , they are of very high quality . fifth , the blades are built into the stainless steel container , and it 's a snap to clean . just add a cup of water , a few drops of cleaning liquid , run the blender for 30 seconds or so , rinse , dry and you 're done ! cuts my cleaning time down considerably . moreover , there 's no unscrewing and cheap plastic round things that always tear . there is absolutely no way that you would have problems with a leaking jar . last , i did n't have any problems with a burning smell . i am sticking with waring products . my mother has one ( at least 32 years old ) , and it still works
1 buyer beware . the temperature readings were spot on . there are multiple ways to display it , hang it from the shelves in your oven , place it on the bottom of your oven . it 's very stable , does n't fall over , mostly because of it 's 4 inch length . but ... as with all things in the oven , this will become splattered with grease , and harder to read , and you 'll want to wash it ... .do n't ! any type of cleaning , be it abrasive , or chemical , such as simple green , will erase the temperature markings ... and make it useless
1 great ice cream maker . this ice cream maker is `` great '' . the fact that i can use an industrial motor ( my kitchen aid mixer ) is fantastic . it is my belief that the ice cream maker itself is as near perfect as you can get , contrary to other reviews . if you read the description and instructions , you will find that it is not the biggest maker on the market and that it does exactly what it says it will ... it makes `` great '' ice cream .
1 great pan for a couple of people . i love this pan . as for cooking : this pan does a great job on steaks , burgers , chicken , whatever . leaves really nice grill marks . the only thing you will need to do is have a cover or splatter shield for it . i use a 16 '' round cover from a much bigger pan just to avoid some of the little drops of grease spattering out on my range . this seems to work just find for me . as for cleaning : i let it cool a little after cooking and pour some water ( no soap ! ) into the bottom of the pan while it is just hot enough for the water to boil a little , and using a wooden spatula ( only use wood in this pan ) , i scrape all the fond away ( burnt tasty bits stuck to the pan ) and pour into the sink . i repeat this once or twice and put the pan back on the heat and wipe it down with a paper towel . i then use some supermarket brand canola oil spray and lightly coat the inside while the pan is still warm . takes about 2 minutes to do this . i store this pan in my oven since it tends to have a light coat of oil on it all the time . this pan is so well worth the hand cleaning to have especially since i live in an apartment and do n't have access to a grill
1 made in china . the diadem cooking set roughly meets the wmf criteria , though there are slight imperfections on the metal and the top . the products are made im china . at first i thought something was wrong , then i looked at the wmf site and indeed they have a factury in china , so they must be genuine , however , i think amazon should clearly state if they are made in china or germany , i ordered another wmf kettle last week , made in germany and i think there is a differenc
1 excellent for large portions . i did not find a problem with the balance , as previously mentioned by another reviewer . the only thing a potential buyer needs to be aware of is , that if they are planning on tossing their food , they had better be strong because this unit is heavy ! other than that , it proves to be very useful for large portions . it heats quickly , heats evenly , holds the heat and leaves plenty of room to stir . yes , it does heat evenly and allows the heat to drift up the sides . the purpose of a stirfry pan is to allow heat to move the sides of the pan to allow food touching the sides of the pan to cook as well . now keep in mind , there isnt a perfect stirfry pan out on the market if you are cooking on a traditional gas top , flat top or coil range . true frying ala asian style is done on an open flame !
1 cutting edge in cutlery . calphalon katana knives excel in balance , efficient design , sharpness , and in good looks . i look forward to using them every time i prepare food
1 without a doubt , my favorite cooking pot . this is simply the best pan i own . *if* you follow the directions on how to cook with this pot , you wo n't have a problem with sticking . it 's easy to use , easy to clean , works for just about everything ( except maybe making pancakes - for which you would want a non-stick griddle ) . i just love being able to use metal utensils with this pot and not having to worry about scratching it . love it
1 great product . reliable , easy to use , rice always comes out perfectly , no burning , easy to clean - what more could you ask of a rice cooker
1 some le creuset products need `` seasoning . '' . le creuset 's grills , woks , and frying pans come with a textured black enamel that needs to be `` seasoned '' like tradiitonal cast iron . there are instructions in the product pamphlet as to how to do this . basically after removing the stickers using a warm water and soap soak and drying the pan , the pan is coated with a thin layer of vegetable oil with a paper towel and heated at medium heat until the oil smokes . let the pan cool , remove the oil with a paper towel , and repeat two or three times . a surface `` patina '' builds up that is quite non-stick . from now on the pan can be cleaned with a moist towel . in the case of burned-on food , a brief soak in soapy water works well . as the pan is used the patina continues to build . le creuset 's omelete pans do come with silverstone non-stick if you like non-stick . the textured enamel works well and is stable at higher heats than non-stick coating . i own a le creuset wok , a square grill pan , and three frying pans with this textured finish and i find that they work fine after being seasoned this way . i also own a le creuset omlete pan that has a good non-stick coating . this pan work fine for delicate foods like egg and pancake preparations . the textured finish pans work well for grilling meats , stir fries , and other hardier preparations . if you use good non-scratch silicone or nylon tools in your le creuset wares and a small amout of pam or a little oil spread with a paper towel you will have no problems .
1 shoulda bought it a long time ago . this is a super convenient item . i do n't lock it so messing with the lock is not an issue . the lock could probably be a little more user friendly . it stores everything just great . it keeps the dust off of my cuisinart goodies . i have another three-blade disc holder too . that one came with my cuisinart . this one is a must-have .
1 sharp blade disc storage . i am glad that i finally have a storage unit to hold my sharp cuisinart blades . i have three little kids and the thought of them getting their little hands on them always had me worried . the only design flaw is that it can be difficult to open and then lock back into place . i knew this going into my purchase and decided to take the chance as the flaw was better then not having to worry about my children . hopefully cuisinart is aware of the design flaw and working to fix it
1 i just love this machine . i got this as a gift from my mother when i moved to my first apartment away from home . she already had one , and loved it . i use mine quite frequently , and makes quick work of dicing onions and peppers for philly steaks or burgers . my brother and father have also since purchased these units . i have had mine going on 5 years now , not a problem with it . great value , good gift for cooks for one or two , who do not need a huge unit to chop stuff .
1 i love my chopper ! . my mother-in-law got me one of these when i started feeding my first son baby food . before , i would just mash up our food with a fork . this is much easier . i 've had it for three years now and it 's still working great . i use it for everything , now . my husband does n't like veggies , and i when i cook i usually put onion , celery , and bell pepper in everything . now we get the taste of my beloved vegtables , and he does n't have to deal with the chunks . great product !
1 kicks butt at picking up dog fur.. heads and tails above my 8 year old hoover wind-tunnel bagged unit . never did understand the 8 bucks for 3 bags . hoover should have given the vacuum away due to always having to replace bags every week ( adds up to big bucks quickly ) . the dyson kicks butt ... three times the dirt is picked up every week when compared to hoover bag replacement size of dirt removed . wish the dyson had self propelled system ... the house keeper would n't be so tired after 3 hours ; o ) handy hose and a really well thought out system . hands down the best unit i 've ever owned . time will tell if it holds up like the hoover unit did . wo n't miss the belt replacements ( 2 ) or the bag cost on the hoover . would i buy another ? if it holds up like my hoover did ... you bet ... like i stated before : kicks butt at picking up dog fur- !
1 excellent kettle , excellent company . i received this tea kettle as a replacement for a nova teakettle ( the former model ) that i purchased in october 2005 . part of the quality of a product is how the company stands behind it , and breville is excellent in this area . my former kettle developed a short in the on/off switch . i notified the company by email , and i received an email response in 3 hours asking some questions and for more detail . in 3 more hours , i received an email with a fed-x label . they indicated they wanted to see the product , and they would either repair or replace it . within a week , i had this new model as a replacement , since they no longer make the nova . i then received a follow up phone call from breville to make sure i got and liked the new product , which i do . the warranty period for the new product starts again , so it has a full one year warranty . i also asked about the switch , since i was concerned that this could be a problem , and they assured me that this is a problem they just do n't have with the applicances . the customer service rep indicated that in 10 years , he had seen about 6 of the type of problem i had . it seems that a customer service rep that has worked for a company for 10 years also says something about the company . the new kettle heats quickly and to a full boil . it also has the sharp looks where you can use for entertaining . i am happy with the product , and very happy with the company 's service
1 well built , but a little loud ! . this electric water heater feels very solid and well built . when filled to 1.7 liters , it takes about 6 min 30 seconds to boil . the kettle automatically shuts off when it boils and makes a nice bell noise when finished . i thought this would be annoying , but it is not ! also , when switched on , there is a nice white led lighting up the water supply making it easy to read . my only complaint about this kettle is that it is rather loud ( which is why i only gave it 4 stars ) when it is on . a few moments after the switch is turned on , it makes this rumbling noise for the entire duration of operation
1 great ! ! . i love this fryer ! its just the right size for my kitchen.its not big and bulky like other fryers . its easy to clean too . its a winner in my book
1 i like 'em . i knew going in that these were not `` thick '' , but i am pleased with these sheets . would i buy them again ? yes , aslong as the price is as low as i got them for ( under 20 bucks )
1 great sheets . these sheets are soft wash well and set the pace for a great night 's sleep . i love flannel sheets and these are the best so far .
1 back to the grind . this thing tears through meat , i hate to chewy beef and stringy chicken , so this attachment is my new bud . works fantastic on cereal to ( dry not wet ) . buy it , you wo n't regret it
1 excellent purchase ! . i ordered this item when it was not available at that time so it took a while for me to get it-but i was impressed at the careful packing and the product itself-very elegant looking cake set and can be used as a punch bowl too-would certainly recommend it for all hosts
1 nice cake plate . i recieved this cake plate a couple weeks ago . it 's very heavy and well made . it came boxed extra well . the box was inside another box surrounded by air bags . there was no way this thing was going to be broken . i am happy with my purchase
1 treadable and edible ! . lodge logic has exploded from a small corner shop in one lonely town in vermont , to a nationwide powerhouse ready and eager to bust down to the door to your house and fill your kitchen with finest in waffle press technology . i 'm of course referring to the cutting edge finnish design that lodge has presented here . i 'm able to pretty much press out an entire course of breakfast in well under an hour with this thing , easily producing a feast fit for the third reich .
1 awesome ! . pyrex is always the best ! this enormous measuring cup is great for melting in the microwave and for a homemade double boiler in any pot . the lid is a hard plastic top with flexible sides that seal up tight so you can use it to store things in the fridge and to carry things places . also the cover is safe for both freezer and microwave use ( but not the oven ) and is dishwasher safe in the top rack . the cover has three pouring choices , a regular pour spout , a slotted spout , and a spout with seven little holes . an extremely useful item to have in the kitchen
1 worth every penny ! . even if you are n't worried about the possible negative effects of drinking out of plastic or nalgene this is the best water bottle ever . if you want a water bottle that keeps your water cold all day long , does n't sweat , is unbreakable , does n't spill and wo n't let water dribble down you chin put your nalgene and plastic ones away and buy this one now .
1 all-clad 16-quart stainless stockpot . ok , this is obviously not the same as the traditional all clad stockpots , if it was it would be more then triple the price of this one . it is part of the disk bottom collection , however it is still top quality stainless steel and very well made . i certainly would not consider it secondary . it is a little lighter in weight than the traditional all clad but it is not a light weight pot by any means . it is great for sauce , soup , stew , etc . you will love it and you ca n't beat the price . it is very easy to clean . a+ keep an eye out , there is always some kind of rebate or gift with most cooking purchases both on amazon and in department and cooking stores . i actually got this stock pot free when i purchased my all-clad roti pan set which also came with a rack and turkey lifters in filene 's . i would have bought it anyway , it is an excellent stockpot and the price ca n't be beat . tip : if you should get something stuck to the stainless steel use a product called `` bar keepers friend '' to clean it . most supermarkets have it and kitchen etc . and bed , bath and beyond carry it too . the container ( like a comet can ) is gold with blue and white writing . all clad recommends it for cleaning stainless steel and it works like a dream and is very inexpensive .
1 great deal . this cover is very rich looking . the fabric is wonderful . i have a kitten that was pulling himself onto the bed and snagging it , but i just snipped the snags and you can not tell . it is easy to wash and looks great on the bed
1 cooking is my hobby . i have enjoyed using my mario baltali enamaled cast pot very much , it cooks beautifully and holds a large amount
1 fiesta ware . i searched for years trying to find a nice , plain white butter dish . this one is perfect -- it blends in well with all my other dishes . it is study , attractive , and holds a stick of butter . what more could you ask of a butter dish
1 better butter dish . fiestaware rocks . a few years back , i started my fiestaware collection . the butter dish , in turquoise , was a recent addition . i like the vibrant colors available which allow for a cheerful , eclectic mix or a more coordinated theme . it is of the highest quality and very durable in the oven as well . i am going to put glass doors on my cabinets to showcase my fiestaware because not only is it practical and beautiful , they are individual pieces of art !
1 a great grater . this grater has quickly become the favorite in my kitchen . it 's very solidly built , unlike the old ones i have , and the non-skid base is pure genius . the grating surface is nice and sharp . i love the container that catches whatever you 've grated and then stores any extras with an airtight lid . although the container faithfully catches the grated material , there will be some spillage - from the outside of the grater - especially with cheese . one caveat : since the container stores upside down inside the grater when not in use , you have to remember to remove it and flip it over before grating . yup , i realized this the hard way , and boy was it a mess ! despite this , i highly recommend this kitchen essential
1 wilton supreme cake decorating set . this set has 29 tips , a flower nail and one coupler in a plastic case . all the tips and more to decorate just about any cake you would make .
1 1 year of slicing roasts and still carving . this knife works nicely . the blades have remained sharp after carving roasted chicken and turkey , roast beef , and yes even cakes over the past year . the handle wipes off cleanly after use and does n't suffer from the extreme electric motor vibration that so many electric knives have . the handle stays cool as well . i do n't have anything bad to say about this item , it has been a true performer
1 very nice . this is a very nice set of small measuring spoons -- excellent for measuring baking soda , salt , etc for recipes . they are very sturdy and much better than the inexpensive plastic products you find at the discount stores . this set also comes with 2 things not shown , a nice ring to loop these together , as well as a matching s hook to hang them up when not in use . i really like this set and would recommend this to everyone
1 easy to figure out , easy to use . this toastmaster breadmaker is pretty basic , makes a good-sized loaf and is really easy to use . if the first loaf is n't perfect , the troubleshooting section of the book tells you how to correct the problems and the corrections work . it 's been in use constantly for weeks now and never fails to produce a good loaf
1 i never knew what a difference it could make . had i known what a difference this would make with my cooking , i would have bought one a long time ago . everything is faster , now , and everything i mix , from potatoes to icing , comes out smoother , too . there are a variety of things you can make with this mixer , and i use mine a lot . perhaps not every single day , but almost . i bake bread with it every few days , and i decorate cakes for parties and special occasions on the side . my mixer has never let me down . in fact , i am buying an extra bowl just for convenience , too . sometimes you do get a strange smell when you use it to whip something up . they even tell you in your mixer 's manual to expect it and that it is normal . i 've had mine for almost a year , now , and was waiting until i had it awhile before i reviewed it . but i have yet to have any problems with it . it 's cut preparation time more than half for everything i 've made with it . from cakes to meatloaf and bread . it 's sturdy and somewhat heavy , which means it 's not going to easily be knocked off your counter . it does have a slow start to prevent flour from going all over . however , if you are using a lot of powdered sugar or flour to the point of it being more than half full , you will still want to use the stir speed until it 's a little more settled and moist or you will end up with a mess . not a big one , but a mess nonetheless . it comes with a book of recipes , but i 've only used a few . i 've never had any issues with it handling all the cookie dough and other heavy doughs i 've mixed with it , however . in fact , i 've made more cookies just since getting this than i did for years before . it 's just so convenient and easy that i do n't mind . i mean heavy doughs , too , like monster cookies and peanut butter m and m cookies , etc . i do n't know what else to say about it . i do n't think you will be disappointed in this purchase . i 'm usually someone who does n't like to spend a lot of money , but this was more than worth it , and i will be buying my daughter one someday , too
1 great , but buy elsewhere . the kitchenaid professional 5 plus ( kv25g0x ) is a great product , but you should buy it elsewhere . we ordered it from amazon , and got the commercial ( km25g0x ) instead . we did not want that , so contacted customer service . they said they 'd exchange it , but they sent us another km25g0x . no good , obviously . then , the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse , so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise . they said they sometimes substituted similar products . great . at this point we gave up , and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
1 attachment only has one `` e '' , not two . you 'll feel like crazy diving foreigner jacques `` jacky '' cousteau when you strap on this amazing new device from microplane . scuba dive* safely** up to depths of 30cm ! *** marvel at the previously unimaginable variety of aquatic life present in your kitchen sink ! develop contact dermatitis as a result of prolonged exposure to washing up liquid ! *using this slider as a scuba mask may invalidate the manufacturer 's warranty . **scuba diving using this microplane slider attachment may not be safe . ***at depths `` grater '' than 30cm the plastic mask has been known to crack under the extreme pressure , causing soaping of the eyes and shards of plastic to perforate the skin . a fantastic addition to the 35000 series , you 'd have to be `` micro '' minded , `` plane '' crazy or in '' slide '' a mental institution not to develop a `` serie ( s ) '' ous `` attachment '' to this `` grate '' grater . `` 35000 '' marks out of 10
1 was a wonderful christmas gift . i purchased this mug for my wife as a christmas gift . she just loves it . she useds almost everyday . it has been 4 months now and as good as new .
1 great pans . these pans are great , nothing sticks to them . i baked a pie , set on top of the pan , and the burnt overflow stuff just slid right off
1 great value ! . these sheets are wonderful and very well made . i really like they way they feel . great , great value !
1 luxurious beautiful sheets . great price for beautiful , high-quality sheets that get softer with every wash. fabulous color ! sheets fit well over a mattress with pillow-top . recommend 100 % .
1 # 1 speed setting too fast . ok , for twenty bucks it works reasonably well . we like the storage container to hold the attachments . but if you 're looking for a lower speed to blend ingredients like flour or pancake mix , buy something else . the # 1 speed setting is way too fast . anything higher than # 4 will decorate your kitchen walls `` at no extra charge '' .
1 works well . i cook for a family of 5 . i make a lot of mashed potatoes that need whipping . i have gone through my share of hand mixers . so far i do n't have any complaints about this hamilton beach model . it is powerful enough to whip up the potatoes . it comes with a case that fits right onto the bottom of the mixer that holds the cord and the beaters . this is wonderful since i no longer have to search through the drawers looking for the beaters . over all a wonderful mixer for the money if your just looking for a normal household hand mixer
1 the best spatula i 've ever owned . i love this spatula . when it comes to getting the last bit of dough or sauce out of the bottom of a bowl , it 's perfect . the soft silicone head easily contours itself to the bottom of the bowl to get every last bit . it 's also incredibly stick free . i made fondue last night and after pouring it all into the serving dish , i wiped the cheese off the spoon with a finger , rinsed it , and it was clean ! it is also incredibly heat resistent . my household has a lot of spatulas with burn marks all along the handle from resting on the side of a pot on the stove . i 've had this spatula for over two years and it 's still burn free . i love it
1 thanksgiving clean up . cleaning up is so easy now . the other roaster pan we used would allow the juices to bake on and it you would have to soak it , scrub it and scrape it . i love this stuff !
1 why use a scoop when you can use a spade . this is one great tool . i have this as well as the scoop and they are both great items . i like the spade better since i love ice cream and it makes it easier to fill the bowl quicker . the style is great and the functionality is superb . now that kitchenaid is making tools and gadgets , i am finding myself getting all new sorts of items i never knew i wanted or needed . i 'm even replacing other brands of tools with kitchenaid ones
1 great rice cooker ! . super easy to use , put in rice and water . out comes perfect rice every time . have n't experimented with any rice cooking recipes yet but it makes incredible white and brown rice with no though .
1 cookie cutters . just go for new shaped cookies , these cutters are great and so simple to use
1 great toaster ! ! ! . the only reason i bought this is because i visited my sister over the holiday season and she had one and i liked it . i liked it even more after i bought it . nice toaster ! !
1 great pan ... affordable price . its the perfect size pan and easy to clean . i 've cooked thai stayle chicken satay sticks and salmon on it and it makes those awesome grill lines . i love using this pan ... its so much easier and faster than using then firing up the outdoor grill .
1 beats dustbuster by a mile ! . this handheld vac works great . there is awesome suction and longevity . i had two dustbusters that did n't come close so i am now a convert . only complaint is the stand used for charging . it 's not easy to push vacuum into just the right spot
1 good , could use some better designs . this vacuum is rather good . it meets or exceeds the dustbuster versions . i 've got only one gripe , and that 's the base . it is n't exactly easy to put on and take off . it could also do with a bigger compartment , but that 's really minor . after all , this is just for small tasks . love the motorized sweeper attachment
1 i purchased one , then bought 3 more for gifts . i have used different brands of dust busters but this one by far has out done them . the battery lasts and the power is very good . also shipping was prompt . nothing else i can add . all over very good . thank you , i shall return . a.f . island par
1 best jewelry organizer ever ! . i have bought over 6 of these for friends and family , everyone that sees it , has to have one , we make alot of our own jewelry , so we have plenty of bracelets and earrings . this keeps it organized so you can match colors to the outfit you are wearing . it is the best ! very good quality too
1 jewelry organizer . i am happy with the product quality and with the prompt delivery . the organizer is made of sturdy materials and comes on a very nice chrome hanger
1 love it ! . this grill is awesome ! i ordered it to replace my old grill , which did n't have the removeable plates and was worn down . the removeable grills make this so easy to clean ... maybe takes 5 minutes . i had looked at a couple of other contact grills from different manufacturers , and though this one was more expensive , i thought it had a better design than some of the others i looked it . definitely recommended , do n't hesitate to buy this if you 're thinking about it
1 quite possibly one of the best kitchen inventions ever ! . i bought this item and had it delivered about a month and a half ago . it arrived in perfect condition with all the items it says it will come with . it 's very easy to use and extremely easy to clean . so far i have only cooked whole chickens , chicken pieces , shishkabobs , and sausages . if i only ever used it to just cook chicken , it 's still a great price . if you can follow simple instructions , you ca n't go wrong with this
1 egg-and-muffin 2-slice toaster and egg poacher . when i was searching for something to simplify my life i came upon this product . i thought i would give it a try as i love egg mcmuffins . it is everything i dreamed of and more . easy , convient , done in less than five minutes and a breeze to clean up . i love it and ca n't stop telling family and friends about it . i hope you enjoy it as much as i have
1 great product ! . this is great for making poached eggs on toast . my family has enjoyed using it so far
1 love it ! . my cats absolutely love this fountain . it works great , and takes very little to keep clean . the resovoir is a must though
1 best way to hang curtains on metal surfaces . like many homemakers , i generally leave fixture installation to the man of the house . my husband refused to drill into our metal doors in order to install conventional curtain rods . i went without curtains over our kitchen doorway for years and always felt that something was missing . these magnetic curtain rods solved that problem . the rod holders attach magnetically without screws or bolts . the holders have never shifted out of place and have not scuffed or scratched my door . the curtain rods are stable enough to hold heavy canvas curtains . i installed the set in a moment 's time with very little effort . my husband was surprised and thrilled that i found a way to hang curtains without marring the metal surface of the door .
1 great coffee machine ! . i saw this unit on vacation and came home and bought one . that was several years ago . finally , our beloved brewstation gave up the ghost and went on to coffeeland in the sky . so , i promptly bought another one . morning is just not the same without our brewstation
1 does what it 's supposed to . tried this on my favorite but often dull chefs knife and after 4-6 strokes was very very sharp . works great as promised . casing cheap so not sure how long that will last or if it will hamper it 's operation . compact , stores well , would be great for motor home or other small kitchen . for $ 29 , makes me wonder what the $ 99 version does that amazon also carries . knocked a star off for the cheap plastic case
1 super easy sharpening . 3 swipes and your knife is sharp on both sides of the edge . the sharpener folds up neatly into a little case the size of a man 's wallet and is easy to store . the handy house ships immediately..i got my package within 3 days . i love the knife sharpener , and love the service i received . thank
1 works . i bought this knife sharpener because i was tired of knives that would not cut and the vender i brought it from , the handy house , told me that it worked and i had bought things from her before on her word . and it works . my knifes are old and dull . a few swips through the sharpener blade and i had a brand new knife and the price is also good .
1 measuring spoons . these spoons are great . they are very sturdy and easy to use , and the finish on the metal is a nice touch . overall , practical and attractive
1 unbelievable value ! . this set of knives is simply incredible - a must for any kitchen , especially a small one or if you just do a lot of quick small tasks . these things are sharp , and , as standard for henckels , supremely made .
1 great knives , great price . i know that purists do n't like serrated knives , but these are great ! the weight of these knives is perfect -- they feel like very expensive utensils . the chef 's knife is rarely out of my hand , and the block makes the whole set very handy
1 oster blender replacement pieces . was thrilled to find pieces to replace ones mistakenly thrown out , rather than have to buy another blender . the only drawback is the cover is white and my blender is black
1 great value ! . this set of blender accessories was just what i needed to update my old blender . seperatly these items become more costly but here they are at a great value and shopping is made easy because this set has it all
1 great pot . this is my first le creuset casserole . when i first received it , it was smaller than i was expecting . but after cooking with it couple times , i really fall in love with it ! now i always clean it after using , and have it on my stove top in the kitchen ! it 's so cute and fun
1 the and quot ; must have and quot ; kitchen gadget . this is probably the most used tool in my kitchen . the cost of the machine and bag material are more than repaid in food savings . i like the rolls as opposed to the bags because i can make the size i need without waste . watch for sales on meat or fish ; buy large quantities at reduced cost , and cut your bags to a portion size , vacuum and seal , and freeze . i have taken hamburger , steaks , fish , pork , and chicken out of the freezer after being stored for two years or longer , and they are as fresh as the day i put them in
1 unique cakes . i got this pan set a few years ago . i love making checkerboard cakes -- they are so simple with this set . you can use boxed mixes , but i find the thicker consistency of the sample recipe makes a more distinct checkerboard design . my favourite variation is to make blue and pink for baby showers instead of brown and white . ( i make the white cake and just use food colouring ) .
1 oh come on ! ! ! . jeez , everyone , yea , they cost a buck each , ok , a buck ! but they can be reused , how often do you go to the dollar store and spend a buck on a totally usless piece of something that breaks as soon as you bring it home , hmmm ? or you buy a pack of paper plates and they are gone in a couple of weeks ? ? well , at least these are serving a purpose , and are reusable ... .i do n't have to scoop anymore , and i have 2 cats , i change it maybe every 3rd day , and it 's not a chore , takes less than a minute , less time than scooping and smelling it as it sits there , and speaking of , i do not smell their poop at all till it 's changed . so i 'm happy and i think it 's more than worth it !
1 royalvelvetsignature comforter . we were more than pleased with our purchase of this item , and it arrived sooner than expected . it was very very nice and well worth the great discounted price we received it for .
1 great value . for the money this is a way for the novice cook to experience the quality of wustof . this knife went into my daughter in law 's stocking for christmas and was a great hit
1 value for money . my old blender went kaput it was a kenmore . we decided to buy this blender since it also had a small food processor . the food processor has become our most frequently used tool . preparing salsa , omlettes , indian food which requires vegetables chopped into small pieces , pancakes and numerous other tasks have become so easy that we make more vegetarian dishes now and they taste better since the pieces are well and evenly chopped . really enjoyed the blender during the summer months when we made fresh juices etc . unlike the old kenmore one this one blends much better . i recommend this to any one who does not want to spend money on an expensive food processor or does not have the counter space in the kitchen for all the apparatus that comes with a big food processor .
1 it works ! ! . this is a jewel . takes the skin off nice and clean . just the tool to get rid of those tough skins on a few tomatoes and no more fuzzy peaches . just bought 6 more for family and friends .
1 shred away . this is a great shredder . absolutly the best out there . it is a lousy slicer . take the bad with the good i guess . my wife and i shred lots of cheese because pre-shredded cheese has chemicals added that change the taste and chemical properties of the cheese . this attachment works wonderfully for cheese . a note on disassembly . some people have difficulty getting the cone off the plug ( if you own one you know what i 'm talking about ) . the very easy way to remedy this is to remove the cone from the plug before removing the plug from the machine . if you follow this one rule you will have very easy setup and take down .
1 highly functional , a couple of drawbacks . first , the good stuff : this peeler is sharp , requires little effort in peeling away even the toughest skins and seems quite durable . i like having it , but i 'm also holding on to my cheap little oxo peeler for a couple of reasons : first , the rosle produces very thick peels , which is a bit wasteful . second , i tend to be a switch hitter in terms of peeling direction and really like having a peeler that can either peel toward me or away from me . the rosle peels in only one direction and thus sells both a right-handed and left-handed peeler . that said , i do appreciate its sold stainless steel construction , which will resist rust for many more years than lesser models
1 perfect for slow roasting roasts until the meat falls off the bone . le creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products . these cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured in sand moulds which are used only once . for this reason , one pan may look like another , but each is unique in its own way . cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat . due to this efficiency , it is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat . over heating may cause foods to stick to the pan , or worse burn and can cause the enamel to appear stained . remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly . this helps your food stay warm while serving . the opposite holds true as well , chill the pan and it will retain its chill for a surprisingly long time . beware ; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavier than other pans made from alternate materials . cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel ? iron tends to rust ; iron oxide ( rust ) does n't add any complimentary flavors to your food . if your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled , you would have to season and maintain its cooking surface . adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good , but has multiple benefits . the enamel , being a solid coating , is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on , does not stain , absorb odors , retain flavors , and is easy to clean . the enamel can be damaged , so limit contact to heat resistant plastic or wood utensils to eliminate the scratching and scoring the porcelain . the benefits of cooking with le creuset cast iron are many , but lets get down to the french oven , cocotte or as it 's also referred to , the dutch oven specifically . french ovens have been manufactured by le creuset for over 75 years , and were developed well before then . in all this time the design has stayed constant , affirming the relevance of its cooking qualities . these ovens come in either oval or round shapes . the oval shape works well for roasting whole chickens and porkloin roasts , otherwise the differences are minimal . this pan holds 6 3/4 quarts of food , measures 9 1/2 x 12 inches or 24 x 30 cm internal diameter , 4 3/4 inch or 11 1/2 cm deep , and weighs 13 pounds . the domed lid provides a tight seal , trapping in moisture to roll back into the dish . the lid may alternatively be used as a holding plate for chopped vegetables or meat during initial preparations . be sure to lift the pan off of cooking surfaces to reduce damaging either the pan or the surface . french oven tends to do best if at least 3/4 full . any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot . french ovens were developed for slow cooking by stewing , braising or boiling . some typical dishes include roasts , and stews . other possibilities include gumbos , chili , dirty rice , baked beans , swedish meatballs , osso bucco , or curing ice cream to name a few . one feature that people tend to complain about is the cost . the cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials . heck , cast iron does n't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to the old cast iron pans past generations have used for cornbread and camping . however the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced . they then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans . if you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products , the cost tends to make sense . then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of . pros : efficient absorption and distribution of heat hygienic enamel cooking surface does not stain , absorb odors , or retain flavors cleans easily when not abused or misused can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table easily lasts a lifetime cons : its heavy , as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 13 pound
1 i ca n't believe i did n't buy it sooner . this pot rocks . you 'll fall in love with it the first time you cook with it . it browns well , cleans easily , and goes from the stove to the oven to the table in style . my only complaint is that mine arrived slightly chipped , but the chips do n't seem to affect its performance , so i did n't send it back
1 great for mashed potatoes . this product is great for making mashed potatoes . i love it , it is well made and sturdy . my kids like to turn the handle and i do not have to worry about any electric blades cutting their fingers . the price is very good for this item . i prefer non electric kitchen gadgets , ( to save space ) and this one is great .
1 move a little - move a lot - these discs are slick as snot ! . i used the four large slider discs to move an 8 ' x 10 ' gambrel roofed framed shed a few feet on a cement pad ( after building the mini-barn and painting it ) . the move placed it against the fence . it was n't easy , but they did the job and ... ... the slider discs are still useable though scratched up
1 it is really great product . i like the amazon customer service as they replaced my order when i got the damaged one
1 a chinese-styled wok with french characteristics . le creuset made a decent effort in making a cast iron chinese-styled wok . it looks like a chinese wok , and it is made of iron , but essentially it is not chinese . the wok is much thicker than a chinese iron wok , and therefore takes much longer time to warm up . some american users praised the wok by saying it does not need much fire , yet the essence of chinese stir-frying is cooking through large fire : one heats a thin chinese carbon iron wok with large fire , puts in vegetable or animal oil , and then does the entire stir frying in less than a few minutes . still , i liked the wok after purchasing it . the chinese food here in the us usually is not really chinese food in essence , but people like it . why should i be so critial to a french cast iron wok which looks like a chinese wok ?
1 cleans well and easy to use . i 've stir fried in this pan quite a few meals , including carmelizing onions with soy sauce . when used with medium heat , cleaning is very easy . soaking it for a few minutes and then scrubbing with scotch bright for a minute works . i 've done this also with high heat , it needed more scrubbing but after a few minutes it looked new . if you do n't mind the extra scrubbing , as i do n't , you 'll be happy with a healthier alternative to non-stick pans . my experience shows that with a few minutes of scrubbing the advantages of nonstick can be matched even in the worst case scenario . i 'm a bit ambivalent about the size . i cook for myself and thought 9 '' would suffice , but i did n't take into account the fact that i cook for 2-3 days at a time . this pan is a bit too small in that capacity . on the other hand , my stove top is tiny so it fits fine . the handle is beautiful and well designed . i have no problem holding the pan even when full in one hand and it 's well insulated . in contrast , i also own the simply calphalon sauce pan with a handle that 's barely suitable for the weight . the quality of this pan is evident . all in all , a very high quality product that will serve me for years
1 stick'em up ! . regarding the `` glue '' issue . the cutting board came to me as described in lisa dryer 's review below : shrink-wrapped in plastic . however , the product 's label was adhered to the surface of the cutting board with a big glob of what appears to be that clear sticky stuff they use to hold inserts in magazines , etc . ... ..and it adheres to bamboo , for sure . i managed to get most of it off , but a thin layer remains . i figure that `` goof-off '' or some other solvent would get rid of it , but i do n't want to put poison on something that 'll be holding my food . one solution is to use only one side of the cutting board . otherwise , it appears to be a perfectly fine product
1 very pleased . we have been using these for several years now . for refrigerator storage and reheating , we use these containers almost daily . i remember the lids were a bit stiff at first , but not impossible unless you are over 80 . after 5 or 6 times through the dishwasher , they were prefect and remain so . they nest nicely and they fit in the dishwasher and come out looking good . the vent is not that exciting a feature , but if it was n't there you 'd have more microwave clanup . regardless , i highly recommend these
1 very pleased . so far i have made several different ice creams in my new machine . this is the first i 'd ever had and the hard part is making the different recipies and deciding what you like and what you do n't . the machine is very efficient . you just put the mixture in and it does all the work . you may want to check on your mixture a few times because some thicken earlier than others . you just stop it and give a taste to see if you like the consistency . i made one mistake of putting the mixture in before it was completely cooled and it did n't thicken and i wasted all of it , so be sure it is completely cool before you put it in the machine . the machine is a little noisy but i expected that after reading about it , not as bad as i thought it would be though . overall , very happy
1 great price . it was the perfect price and the cheapest that i found anywhere and i would recomend it to anyone
1 beautiful fiesta ! . this color of fiesta is just gorgeous and a great addition to any collection . my sister-in-law , for whom this was a gift , just loves it and i 'd be tempted to buy a set for myself if i did n't already have a ton of dishes . the fiesta line are all well made , solid dishes that can be used for all occasions . if you know someone needing dishes , the fiesta line is the way to go . these dishes increase in value regularly and add a lovely touch of color to your table
1 clean and easy . i looked for somewhere to find these corelle plates and found them on amazon . my favorite dish and plate design should last a while and withstand my abuse
1 super light weight , durable dinner plates . this plate , the 10 inch is the normal size dinner plate , just so you know . it 's easy to buy the wrong size with these because they come in so many sizes . my aunt has had the winter frost white as long as i can remember , and now i am slowly building my own collection . i love them - they are very light and strong . i tried throwing a plate on the kitchen floor and it is still intact . the material feels like a combination of porcelin and pyrex as weird as that sounds . they are so thin and light that i could probably carry at least 35 of them . this is perfect for your everyday meals . highly recommended
1 absolutely wonderful . the combination of the great price and incredible durability makes this stuff perfect for just about everyone . both i and my parents have been using corelle dinnerware for over 15 years , and are amazed at how well they hold up
1 cute ! . pretty good product . we have not changed the batteries yet and it does get quite a bit of usage . it 's easy to use and not an eye-sore in my kitchen . very fast shipping ! i would order again
1 wonderful pan . i recently received this pan as a gift , and have been extremely impressed with it ! the `` infused anodized '' surface performs as advertised , providing a terrific hybrid between regular and non-stick cooking . i love the 14 '' size -- it 's great for those times when i used to have to split things up into more than one 10 '' saute pan , as well as for one-pan stovetop-to-oven dishes . that said , this is definitely not the right pan for you if you prefer non-stick surfaces . you will need to use oil , butter , etc . when cooking in this pan , and things will sometimes stick . cleanup is very easy , though ! it is very well-constructed , and i would expect it to last a lifetime
1 this brand across the board is one of my all-time favorites . this is one of my favorite knives - and i have quite a collection of them , believe me . it 's sturdy , sharpens easily , and seems to contour to my hand when chopping . i 'm a faster sous chef for myself and others with this knife . great price , i might add . this brand across the board is one of my all-time favorites . i 've never been disappointed with a knife i purchased from victorinox
1 it 's more valuable than i thought . the food processor has many many organized accessories that were sent with the purchase . i know i was buying a good brand but it was not just a good product it 's an excellent food processor and worth more than the money . my wife loves you know guys waht that means . also it has a juice maker not mentioned in the add woooow . the seller was more than excellent .
1 excellent loaf pan - gets the job done . this low cost loaf pan does everything you would expect a loaf pan to do . it 's dark color absorbs enough heat to produce desired browning . it also releases cleanly . the protruding lips serve as handles ( although if they were a little bigger they 'd be easier to grip while wearing oven mitts ) . all in all , this is an excellent buy for a loaf pan - you should buy two since many recipes call for making two loaves
1 200tc king white cotton sateen duvet . i love my duvet cover . it 's extremely soft , softer than i expected . the large buttons add to the charm . i would buy another duvet cover in a heartbeat . denis
1 flawless re-usable bags . these bags and all of the foodsaver brand bags are flawless . the only way they would fail is if they are being used wrong . if you do ebay you can get these same 32 count gallon bags for about $ 10.99 + $ 5.50 for shipping . and sometimes you can find a seller that will combine shipping for multiple boxes . i purchaced 3 boxes of gallon 32 cnt bags for $ 32.97 + $ 9.00 for shipping . also keep in mind that you can wash and re-use these bags as long as they did not hold any kind of meat and that they have never been boiled . i have used them multiple times for things like corn on the cob
1 works great . solidly built with easy to read numbers . looks like it will last a long time although it was a little pricey .
1 no hassles , easy to read . i 've only had this thermometer for about a week , but so far , it does exactly what it 's supposed to -- stays in place at the back of the oven and displays the temperature using numbers large enough that i can read them easily without opening the oven door . very satisfied
1 good for the price . ok so i got this set for free , but i would have paid something for it . the little peeler works fine but the parer is n't the sharpest knife in my knife block . i 've attempted to sharpen it but it does n't hold an edge well
1 she loves it . i suppose color choices would be nice ; choice is almost always good . but my smaller golden loves it . she likes the view it gives her and it 's room and she does n't paw at the sides . my larger golden ( 118 lbs - and no he 's not fat ; he 's just a tall , tall golden ) would paw at the sides and that could spell disaster with this crate . she thinks is very cool and i like the weight of it for being prepared to hit the road when the next hurricane is announced . he has a big folding metal crate and that suits him
1 what you see is what you get . what you see is what you get . it works just fine , there is n't really much that could go wrong . the only thing is i should have gotten the larger size . what they call a cup and what i call a cup did n't really measure up . for me it makes two regular mugs
1 good tea pot for your money . this teapot was a good buy all in all . it 's true about how the leaves container does n't stay in a static position ... this concerned me at first , but it has n't been a problem . the tea press will slide down over time without leaves in the pot , i put it in the leaves container on an angle and this stops that from happening . i have never had a problem loosing heat to fast from this pot , contrary to previous reviews . yeah , some things could be better quality ... but considering the price i 'd call it a good buy
1 the last bottle opener i 'll ever buy ! . i think you could do just about anything to this bottle opener and it would come out just fine . as noted by other reviewers , this opener has a wonderful substantial weight . it has kitchenaid 's signature quality and great color ! goes well with my other utencils and gadgets . oh , it opens bottles very well too
1 absolutely marvelous . all the hype is true . the sensations are sinful , but totally legal . i 'm still embarrassed that i spent that much money on a dessert maker , but i do n't regret a penny of it . when i clean the machine , i only wish i had a tongue long enough to lap up every drop . i hide from the kids so i can lick the paddle blades alone . `` normal '' ice cream from this machine can send you into another realm , but italian-style gellato will deliver you to a level of transcendence previously thought impossible here on earth . slowly heat four cups of fresh cream in a large pot to just below a simmer ( surface will start to shimmer ) . in a small pot , melt four ounces of best bittersweet chocolate on lowest heat . in a large , deep bowl , beat four fresh egg yolks on high speed and gradually add 2/3 cups sugar . slowly pour the hot cream into the yolks and sugar . mix in 1/2 cup of ground chocolate ( ghiardelli , for example ) . add melted chocolate and return to large pot . heat mixture to about 160 degrees , stirring frequently , and cook until it thickens ( about fifteen or twenty minutes ) . do n't let it get above 165 degrees , or it might burn . remove from heat , cool , and place in refrigerator for at least an hour . pour into musso , turn on machine , and prepare yourself . tell only your closest , dearest loved ones
1 great performance ... easy to clean ... .start on top of stove-finish in 350 oven . i 've had this cookware since 1991 . it has performed exactly as promised . regardless of all the use ( this is the hardest working piece in the set ) it 's in great shape . i use it for so many things , sauteing vegetables , a large omelette ( to share ) . a 10 '' skillet is a must have and more than one is even better . please never use aerosol cooking sprays . a `` pumped '' spray is recommended or just pour a little oil or a pat of butter for more flavor . great even heat and total release , even when cheese is used . fast easy hand wash
1 good machine . so far our food processor has been great . we bought it to make our own baby food , and since then we have used it to make many other things as well . i 'm very happy with it
1 great kitchen scissors . these scissors are ideal for the kitchen . the size is nice , good grips fit well in the hand . they are sharp and appear to be easy to sharpen for the future . i especially like that they come apart easily for cleaning ... and go back together easily also . highly recommend if you 're looking for a good quality , all-purpose kitchen scissor
1 a winner . you ca n't go wrong ! ! ! . these shears are indispensable . first they are sharp and stay that way -- -definitely not to be used by children . they will definitely bone a chicken all by themselves ( but i spare mine a little by using poultry shears to cut heavier bone ) .easy to handle . but best of all , they come apart and go back together with extreme ease , yet stay together for use . contrary to the description , it is not necessary to use the cap and screw to get them apart . they are well designed with a slot and protrusion arrangement that allow them to be separated for cleaning with a single motion and to be rejoined the same way . the cap and screw are only necessary for sharpening . you 'll wonder how you ever got along without them
1 perfect chilli bowl ! . i just love fiestaware and this is the perfect chili bowl ! it is a great size for chili or soup ! the quality is fantastic adn the price was very good
1 delonghi mixer . this item was ordered to replace a kitchen aid unit used extensively for a number of years . i am a heavy gourmet baker and cater to very discriminating clients . i first heard of the delonghi mixer when it was branded kenwood -in an australian magazine . what a nice difference ! the kitchen aid now appears to be so antiquated by comparison ! ! i love the very practical easy to clean design and construction of the delonghi as well as the physical ability of the unit to mix more content in a more complete manner . i am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this product .
1 strong reliable mixer -- the best ! . i was a kitchenaid fan . i had the special edition 350 watt and burned the motor out twice in just a couple of years . when it burned out the 2nd time i decided not to spend another $ 100+ on repairs . i bought this delonghi and love it . the splash guard is great and convenient to use ( i 'd never used the kitchenaid splash guard because it was too much trouble ) . now i do n't know how i ever lived without one -- no more white dust all over my counters . the power is more than i 'll ever need but at least i do n't have to worry about burning the motor out . it is very easy to change attachments . you can even change them while the splash guard is on . it is also very easy to clean . great buy
1 beautiful heavy dishes . these dishes are beautiful and very nice quality , i will be buying more
1 for friday cocktails . if you like your friday cocktail , and enjoy having people over to enjoy it with you , then get an ice bucket and some tongs . i purchased this one when my old one rusted out and like it much better . it 's just classy enough , without seeming snooty , and holds a nice amount of ice . just fill it , stick it on your bar or table , and then you do n't have to worry about continually opening up the freezer
1 just buy it now . i love this dutch oven . do n't even debate whether or not you should buy it ... . just buy it . you will not regret it . i 'm consistently amazed at how well food turns out after cooking in it . after buying it i tend to use it in place of my all clad pieces . amazing
1 must have piece of cooking equipment . i absolutely love this cookware . do n't be put off by the seemingly high price . you will hand this stuff down to your kids . what 's so special about it ? it out performs all of my other cookware ( yes , even all-clad ) on the stovetop and in the oven . the even heating is better than i could have imagined . it will even perform despite the crappiest cooktops . and , as an added bonus , it 's the easiest to clean . i use mine for most everything . . . pot roast , soup , stew , pasta sauces , braising , slow-cooking , etc . it 's great
1 i bought about three of these off of ebay . this stockpot is the best of all the visions offerings . the worst being the skillet . it 's great for popping corn too .
1 best timer . i find this timer very easy to use . i 'm not a rocket scientist . i have never been disappointed with kitchen aid . i do n't understand why it has gotten bad reviews . i think some people should stick with a sun dial
1 quick time marinator . i received this item last week and immediately tried it . it was easy to use and worked quite fast . needed much less marinating juice to get the job done . i wish it was also available in a bigger size for a larger group .
1 love the marinator . use it keep to store and keep food fresh as wel
1 zelco brisk brew . i only use the brisk brew for heating water while on vacation ... .i 'm a tea drinker . my ex husband got custody of the first one we bought , so the search was on . when i could n't find it in the stores i went on line . as soon as i saw the exact same i ordered it . it works great , and travels light !
1 better as a portable hot water heater . having now owned this device for three months , i found it to be a very useful device to have around if you need hot water and there is n't any or no way to get any . its lightweight , very portable and compact . while listed as a coffee maker , it brewed very slowly and not all that well . but as a hot water heater , it served fantastically well . the typical 8 oz water will heat through the system in about 4-5 minutes , so little patience is needed . the device seem to overheat a bit so cool down period would be wise between uses . there 's an automatic shut off , the machine come with two plastic containers that fit inside the water hold . it also come with a small spoon . machine often come on by itself even before you hit the `` on '' button , probably if you hit the button before you plug it in . i would recommended that you have everything set up before hand . i used this device at work quite a bit and found it to be super handy thanks to the small size . the following products could be considered as tailored made for this device : lipton cup a soup ( sheer perfect for this machine ) , general food international coffee mixes and various kind of hot chocholate brands . it also great for tea bags as well . i am not sure about brewing tea though . overall , this device come highly recommended for anyone who might like to have a hot drink when there 's none available
1 a brief comment . this baster is big enough to accomplish most tasks , and it even makes a great costume accessory on halloween . except that when i used it as part of my halloween party costume along with a doctor 's lab coat and stethoscope , all the women blushed and left the room . oh well , maybe next time i 'll come as a proctologist
1 fantastic design *kudos to farberware* . i have le creuset and calphalon pots and pans but i find myself constantly reaching for this farberware pot . the design is why i bought it . i would have been willing to pay $ 100 for one just like it from calphalon or le creuset but this is the only one of its kind i could find anywhere online . it does n't have the weight of my other pots but the sheer practicality of being able to strain your food without worries of burning yourself ( the spouts are great ) or using another dish far outweights any reservations on possible durability . kudos to farberware for coming up with such an ingenious and sensible design . it makes one wonder if the other brands out there ever listen to their customers
1 awesome birthday gift ! ! . i bought this as a birthday gift to myself and i love it . i thought i would miss being able to preset my coffee timer at night to wake up to coffee , but this makes it so quickly that has not been a factor . the taste is unbeatable ! even if you leave the warmer on the entire morning the coffee never tastes bitter . highly recommended for coffee lovers !
1 the oxo corer . this is an outstanding device . in several i 've had before the cutter blades were not fastened to the center piece . they would flex as the coring progressed and the slices would be rendered a mess . this corer has rigidly attached blades and therefore cuts clean , perfect slices every time
1 casserole dish . this casserole dish has some minor inconveniences . it 's made of some sort of pottery so it cools down very slowly and it 's easy to let something sit for 15 minutes and come back and burn your hand . i also learned through this dish that square casserole dishes are easier to cut brownies out of than round or oval ones . it does however cook things just fine and is not too large for what i need it for
1 versatile oval dish . le creuset baking dishes are an investment in good cooking for a lifetime . this 11 1/2-inch size oval dish is similar in size and shape to a medium-sized au gratin . it is large enough to bake two large fish fillets or four boneless chicken breasts or a casserole . many times , i double a casserole recipe and put half in this dish and then freeze it for later use . i bring the dish right from the oven to the table for serving , and i find its clean-up is easy afterward
1 very convenient . the only complaint from the other reviews that i can agree with is that the amount of froth on the milk is hard to control . i certainly do n't have any trouble getting hot milk . my taste in coffee is probably not very sophisticated , but this machine produces espresso and latte as good as i 've had in america . i 've had my espressopro for 3 years and it 's still working well . when i first bought the machine , it did n't work , and the capresso people were wonderful and immediately sent a new machine . then there was a mixup over the color ( silver vs chrome ) , and again the capresso people were wonderful and sent a new machine . both times they sent me a machine immediately , with packaging to send my old machine back , so i had a new machine within two days of calling them . i always use espressione coffee pods , and filtered water . that 's just what is most convenient for me . i 've never actually cleaned the machine 's innards , and i have n't noticed any degradation in performance over the years . the milk attachment is very convenient . we wash ours about once a week , although we do have to wash the little siphon/nozzle thing every day . it 's about as much work as a stainless jug i guess , with the advantage that you 're not wasting milk every time you make a latte . the downside to the milk attachment is that i have n't found a way to get a lot of froth out of it . it 's got a little knob on top that is supposed to control the amount of froth . it does a good job of controlling the temperature of the frothed milk , but no matter what i do , i almost always end up with around 1/2 inch of froth on my latte . occasionally i end up with a lot more or almost none , but i have no idea why . that 's my biggest complaint . the bit where the coffee comes out into your cup ( you can see my level of sophistication there ) has two holes , so it can pour into two cups at once . this is worthless . the coffee never comes out evenly , and if you use pods you can only make a single shot at a time anyway . the end result of the two holes is that whenever i make an espresso , some of it dribbles down the side of the cup instead of going in . it 's also a bit short for any latte glass i 've ever found , and you have to tilt the glass to get it under . despite the fact that the espressopro does n't look particularly tough ( it 's mostly plastic , and not really heavy plastic at that ) , mine is still going strong after three years . much to the dismay of my grandparents , three years is considered long enough to classify something as `` durable '' thesedays . so there you go . i 'm sure there are machines that make better espresso , but for convenience , i have n't seen any machines that can touch this one for less than twice the price . there are a couple of things i 'd like to change ( milk froth control and height of coffee dispenser ) , but i would still recommend it
1 fantastic coffeemaker - if you have the space . when my braun flavorselect coffee maker unexpectedly stopped working , i had to scramble to find a new machine . i wanted another braun , but unfortunately , they seem to have stopped making a 12 cup coffee maker . so i had to begin an intense search for a machine that had the features i wanted combined with good value . i finally found it with this cuisinart model . the advantages ? for one , it makes excellent and hot coffee . the carafe is solidly constructed and fits securely in square body so there 's no chance of someone accidentally knocking it loose . because the lid fits tightly , the pour is precisely narrow and smooth , with no side leaks even when the pot is full . the basket fits inside the housing instead of swinging free like so many models which prevents a misalignment between the water and the filter ; the conical ( krups/braun style ) basket accepts both paper filters and gold-tone , although i learned the hard way that not all gold filters fit . the timer is very easy to program , as is the clock . the carafe warmer can be set at low , medium , or high for the temperature that 's right for you . i found the `` high '' setting too hot since i drink my coffee black ( i like my coffee hot but not scalding ! ) , but those who add a lot of milk might appreciate it . the brewing is quick and efficient , with the process taking about a minute a cup , maybe less . the retro/stainless look complements most modern kitchen d cors . there 's a 1-4 cup setting to make sure such small amounts stay hot , and you can select how long the warmer remains on . the pot beeps five times when brewing is complete and just before the warming plate shuts off . parts are top rack dishwasher safe . it comes with a water filter system designed to improve the taste of the brew . but the cuisinart does have disadvantages . the water reservoir is located on the right side , in the back , which makes it a little challenging for lefties like me to dump the final bit of water inside even though the carafe pours very accurately . although i have n't yet missed the opening , i do struggle briefly with those last few drops unless i use my right hand . the housing is fairly tall , so if your counter space is only under the cabinets , you may not be able to lift the top in its entirety . ( this is when the small rear reservoir becomes a major issue as you have to have room to completely lift the rather large top toward the back . ) clearance required : 7.5 '' wide by 8.5 '' deep of counter space with no overhead obstruction to pull out for filling or 21.5 '' of overhead space to fully lift top . without the top open , the coffee maker measures 7.5 '' w x 8.5 '' d x 14.25 '' h. if you have the space for this coffee maker , you 'll love it . i ca n't attest to how long it will last , but , as it comes with a three year warranty , i 'm hoping for a good run
1 even heating . this pan heats up evenly , no hot or cool spots , and the handles stay cool . it 's great for cooking bacon or scrambling eggs . cuisinart recommends not turning the heat up to high , and so far , it has n't been necessary . very good value .
1 fantastic pan at a fantastic price . i have been using a cuisinart 9 '' skillet for a few years now and love it - one of the best pans i 've ever owned ( and i 've owned a few -top names too ) . but when my 13 '' stainless steel skillet ( from another name ) warped under too much heat ( it could n't take the heat from my viking range ) , i immediately started a search for a cusinart replacement . i could n't believe the price . fortunately i have the lid from the previous pan because the cusinart does n't come with one
1 great unit . works very well . only drawback it 's large - but stands upright . well worth the money and quit in the low speed .
1 great , but buy elsewhere . the kitchenaid professional 5 plus ( kv25g0x ) is a great product , but you should buy it elsewhere . we ordered it from amazon , and got the commercial ( km25g0x ) instead . we did not want that , so contacted customer service . they said they 'd exchange it , but they sent us another km25g0x . no good , obviously . then , the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse , so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise . they said they sometimes substituted similar products . great . at this point we gave up , and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
1 kitchenaid mixer . i have enjoyed my new kitchenaid . i 'm thinking that i may have liked the smaller model that has the beater that tips up instead of having the bowl lifter , as it is awkward sometimes working around the beater . overall , i am happy and can mix a lot in a short amount of time
1 works great . the cirtus juicer works great ( like all kitchen aid products ) but it 's pricy by the time you pay $ 8 to ship it . however my local outlet mall wanted over $ 30 for it plus tax..
1 great ! . i received these as a christmas gift and am very pleased with them . they are very thin so it makes gripping things out of the oven a lot easier than with thick mitts - and they 'll take up less room in your drawer . highly recommend - worth the extra money
1 hoover vacuum . this was purchased as a wedding present . i do not yet know what the couple thinks of it but it is the one they requested
1 great value ! . you know , for this price , you could throw anything away . but , this 'synthetic ' comforter is so soft , silky and light , i can toss it on and not feel weighted down . i also have a cat and with cat hairs i can vacumn them off easily ( down is more difficult ) , but just having the airy warmth is worth it .
1 a great set at an even greater price . i 've used this set for several years now and have been very pleased with the overall cutting ability of these knives . even though i also own global and shun kitchen knives , i find myself being drawn to the insignia knives when i am in a hurry or in the middle of a large project . although both the global and the shun have sharper edges , their price difference does n't equate directly to the increased level of sharpness that you get . that is to say , yes global and shun knives are sharper , but they are not three to four hundred percent sharper all though their price difference certainly would suggest that . using my insignia knives , i am able to quickly dice , cut , and slice through onions , carrots , chicken , roasts , etc . that said , there are several cavets that need to be stated . first , do n't wash these knives in a dishwasher . it has nothing to do with the quality of the steel . i would n't wash my ken onion shun chef 's knife in the dishwasher and that one knife costs as much as two whole sets of the insignia . second , these knives need to be honed regularly . a few strokes after every use makes a real difference . third , after owning the knives for almost two years , i sharpened each of the knives on oil stones . these knives , like all knives will need to be resharpened from time to time . the good news is that they resharpened quite nicely , a tribute to their quality . since resharpening , they have continued to hold their edges . last , the balance of these knives is more than adequate . i also own the matching sanduko and have found it to be the best of the series . all though i am a bit of a knife snob , and although i would love to purchase a block set of either the shun or the globals , i ca n't justify it given that the insignia 's cut so well . my wife would really give me no end of grief if i threw out a perfectly good set of knives . and a good set of knives these are
1 powerful , quiet , and well worth the price . my living room ( approx 12'x16 ' and open to the kitchen ) was always the last room to cool down after a hot day . it sometimes took most of the night to cool despite standing a powerful fan in front of it . the bionaire bw2300 cools it in half the time it used to take . ~edit : my statement that this fan cools my liviing room in half hte time i once did is inaccurate . if the outside temp is lower than inside , the fan cools the living room in just a couple of hours.~ it also does a great job circulating air when its hot out ( and in ) to keep the room from feeling stuffy . i have not experienced the temperature gauge problem that other reviewers have . the temp gauge on mine works well . ~edit : the thermometer reads the temp of fan 's exact location , not the room 's temperature . for example , in the afternoon sun , mine consistently registers a much higher temp than the actual room tempature . when it is colder outside at night , it registers a slightly colder temp than the room temp . ~ is it really quiet ? yes ! i have a vornado fan , which is quite quiet for a fan . this is even quieter ( although not silent ) . to accomodate different window sizes , this model comes with a built-in extender , and two add-on extenders . the fan with extenders is n't large enough to fit my 38.5 '' window width . i could order another add-on extender from the manufacturer , but stuffed a wash cloth in the gap instead . what comes in the box ? the fan , two extenders , two aaa batteries and the remote . ~edited 7/28/06 : i bought a second one for my bedroom . its thermometer is completely inaccurate and overstates the temperature until the outside temp is about 75 degrees . the slats which the air blows through are fixed on this model . so i can not direct the air onto ( or away from ) a particular area of the room .
1 excelllent blender . a long time krups customer , i purchased this blender after 10 years of suffering with a lack luster , non krups blender , which was given to me as a wedding present . to say this is an outstanding blender would be an understatement . i 'm amazed with how quiet the blender is and the best feature is how powerful it is . we use our blender for smoothies in the morning and my husband uses it for his nutrition drinks in the evenings , so we needed something that was durable , substantial and will last a long a time . an excellent blender , it was a good investment for our household
1 wonderful ! . this is the best cooling rack i have ever seen . i have used it primarily for cookies , but it works great for other baked goods as well . because of the small grid , nothing gets bent or broken . the size is perfect for putting many cookies on to cool without trying to squeeze them together . clean up is a breeze . just add a couple of recipes and this would make a very nice gift . i know i would n't want to be without it
1 love it ! . i love this vacuum ! it is great for doing quick jobs around the house , vacuuming the stairs and vacuuming up the lint in the laundry room . i would highly recommend this little vacuum to anyone . i love that you can use it like a dustbuster to clean to car or use the long arm to do regular cleaning
1 good value . i purchased this knife because my daughter did n't like using any of my knives ; she wanted one like the chefs all use on food network . i was n't willing to pay the high prices of the professional ones so this was a good compromise , and i 'm pleased with it . it 's nice-looking , feels comfortable to hold , works well for chopping vegetables . overall , a decent knife at a very reasonable price .
1 the best grater i ever owned . this is truely a professional grater . does a great job with hard cheeses and chocolate , etc.. looks and feels great in the hand , and is impressive to have on the table for your dinner guests to grate their own parmesan
1 best cookware and great price . i love these pans . i got the set for a wedding gift last year but needed another saucepan , so this was perfect . this one is a little larger than the 2 pans in the set . i absolutely love the set - the pans heat up very quickly and clean up beautifully . they 're less expensive than many of the gourmet sets but just as good
1 4-quart saucepan review . i purchased this product for two reasons : i own other cuisinart cookware and like it very much ... secondly , i frequently make spaghetti sauce with meatballs and find that a 3-quart saucepan just is n't large enough . the 4-quart size is perfect . for some reason i ca n't explain , my sauce tastes much better made in this saucepan
1 better than my non stick pans . i 'm really glad to have replaced my non-stick with the cuisinart pans . i have been increasingly concerned about the safety of non-stick . i was really scared that they would stick and i would have to scrub them , but they 've been really good so far . i 'm not crazy about the hazy look that the bottoms get inside , but i know it 's because i cook on med-high heat and i need to get some barkeeper 's friend . overall , really pleased with this purchase , and i 'm still adding to my set
1 salad shooter rating . this is my third salad shooter in the past 20 or so years . would n't be without one ! it 's great
1 works wonderfully . i carefully read most of the reviews for this product before purchasing so i would know what to expect . they mostly said the same thing : either it broke or it worked perfectly . the consensus seemed to say use only hard cheeses , and do n't overcrank the handle . we have only used it for parmesan cheese , and so far we 've had no problems . it works great so far
1 finally , something simply works ! . right out of the box and with skim milk , i have a latte that rivals the corner coffee bar . easy to set up , easy to use , easy to clean . can i ask for more ? what else is there
1 black and decker tiered food steamer . i am replacing the same product that i have used continually for the past nine years or so . it has been an indispensable part of our kitchen all those years and we hope this new one will continue the tradition
1 a1 safety ramp and seller ! . the petstep ii multi-purpose dog sately ramp was perfect for getting my black lab , blake , out of the water and over our sea wall . he is over 90 pounds and it was sturdy and supported his weight . he is very appreciative and so am i ! i would highly recommend this product and the seller selling it .
1 simply the best ! . i have used mine for over a year now . i will never buy anything except this line of cookware in the future . never sticks , easy to clean , after a year of everyday use ( family of 6 ) it 's still in good shape ! note : we only clean it with a dobie pad as directed ! large enough to do four american-toast at the same time . great heat distribution . just great , and big ! gave it to some friends as a present , they love it too . glad i found it in this lifetime ! get it - i think you 'll love it too ! and no , i have no affiliation with calaphon
1 my favorite ! . this combo is awesome ! i 've used coconut oil ( very little -- it does n't burn or smoke when heated ) to season it and the press gets better with each use . i use olive oil for the meat or bread i 'm cooking and , although a steak was n't seared as much as i would have liked , the pannini are outstanding . the coconut oil seems to season without coloring so much and this is the first time in a very long life that i 've correctly seasoned a pan . residue now just slips off with hot water and a natural bristled brush . please read the use and care instructions -- i do n't usually but for some reason sat down and did -- you will find them very informative . i love it
1 my american tandoori oven . when i bought this thing 3 years ago i thought i might do kabobs on it but not only does it cook kabobs beautifully it also cooks tandoori chicken and tandoori bread ! i ca n't have an open flame grill where i live , and when i bought this i used it in the apartment . now i take it on my patio to grill . i like the see-through lid which most of these grills do n't have . it 's too bad they 've discontinued this produc
1 very particular cat loves this ... like the other reviewers , i have a cat who previously showed little to no interest in cat items - until i put this out . it 's now his regular spot to nap , and lounge .
1 if you drink a lot of coffee/espresso this is a great buy ! . i love my vienna deluxe ! we 've been using it for 4-8 coffees per day for 7 months now and have certainly saved money over going to the coffee shop . if you plan to buy more than 100 coffees ( for us about 3 months worth ) it already pays for itself and the coffee tastes better . the flavor of the coffee is awesome and it 's super easy to make . the only bad thing i can say about this coffee machine is that the 'key ' in the back of it got a little bit off and we had to manually turn it so that the brew unit would fit back in . it only took us about 2 hours to figure out and fix it , so it was n't that big of a deal . if you 're looking for something that is a super high class , fancy , heavy duty , professional style coffee maker , maybe you should spring for the superdeluxe big bucks model and drop a couple grand . people have given this model low reviews for being expensive and made of plastic . ours still looks nice , is easy to clean , and does n't weigh 750 million pounds . it seems like folks are looking for a chrome and steel starbucks style coffee maker for $ 500 , and that just is n't realistic . this is a great buy and it makes great coffee
1 easy to clean . this pan is very easy to clean . however , the small base wo n't sit stably on my gas range . i keep a hand on the handle and pay attention to how it sits on the range to overcome the problem
1 the 5star convenience of kitchen aid mixer . i hav k5ss model of the kitchen aid mixer and it has worked well for me when i do my cookies , cakes or mix ground meat for meat loaf . it is very easy and convenient to use . basically , i would want to inquire about other attachments for this model and how and where can i get them . i am from the philippines . i am interested to purchase attachements like a sausage stuffer , grinder . sorry for using this site , as i am lost where to get in touch with `` kitchen aid inc '' . thanks and please email me
1 great value . i do n't think these are the highest quality sheet you will ever find as it has some thread coming out of the hem after a couple washes . with that said , for the price , the sheets are very nice and feel soft after a couple washes .
1 kitchen gadget must have . i ca n't begin to describe how worthwhile a piece of equipment this is . it makes the best little potato shreds for potato pancakes , then , you just switch blades and slice up a little onion for them in the same bowl , which you can then mix the batter in . the bowl component is my number 1 favorite feature of this little guy , but it just plain works really well
1 solution to label glue . these pans are mahvelous , dahling . having said that , i 've read lots of reviews that included complaints about the strength of the adhesive used to stick the labels on the pans . to one , to all : there is a product called `` goo gone '' that is designed for just this type of thing . you can find it almost anywhere , hardware stores , grocery stores , etc . it works in minutes , and leaves no trace of the adhesive behind . just be sure the wash the pan afterwards . happy adhesive-free baking
1 nothing like a foodsaver . these bags are durable and work everytime . i like the size which seems hard to find locally
1 great little shaker . i like this a lot . it is very compact and easy to use . i like the built in ice strainer . you just slip off the cap and pour . no hassles of the top jamming and having to beat it open with a knife . you will need a finer strainer if you want to filter out citrus pulp , for example . but for most cocktails you are just straining out the ice . but i like this one for it 's convenience
1 my own tea butler ! . this machine is really a great invention - especially for those of us who have a tendency to spend on good tea and then screw up some part of the process that falls between the brewing and the first sip ( for example , infusing the tea for too long ) . i think my tea will have more of a fighting chance with this new machine . the design is great - quite classy , and i think it will be great for entertaining ( loved the way the tray that holds the machine could suddenly be converted into a serving tray for the well-designed tea pot and cups ) . here is how it worked for me : you pour your loose tea in the infuser basket , fill the tank with water , select the strength of your beverage and turn it on . there 's even a chance to choose which kind of tea you are brewing for optimal results ( for example oolong or green ) . this nifty little machine will do the rest . it will even pour the tea in the tea pot ! i 'm finally enjoying my fine tea without the stress . it 's almost like having a tea butler in my house !
1 a must have in any kitchen ! . the kitchenaid line of silicone utensils are positively perfect . they are very will made and excellent quality . the silicone material is amazing , it is so easy to clean , whether you are using this mixing spatula with cake mix , cookie dough or anything you are mixing or scraping nothing will sticks to it . the curved design on this spatula is a perfect match to the kitchenaid stand mixer bowl and it also works very well with my all clad mixing bowls . with this spatula you will not miss a drop of anything in the bowl . highly recommended
1 nearly perfect . this tea pot , like their french-press coffee pot , is made of `magic glass ' - it does n't seem to break . i 'm hard on things and usually need heavy-duty models just for every day survival . i 've had this tea pot for - maybe 8 years - unheard of for things around me . the glass just does n't seem to break . others have spoken about how you use it to make tea - a brilliant idea . but here 's the other cool thing : when you get a `presentation ' tea like say a `peony ' tea that opens into a flower or say , a sea-shell tea like peets.com sells that opens up into an oyster looking shell with a string of jasmine flowers as `pearls ' floating above it - you can see the magic unfold and enjoy the beauty and art of the tea unfolding if you leave the infuser out and just let the folded tea do what ever it does . the only down side is that the cap wo n't fit on the tea pot if you take the infuser out . but i have never found that to be a problem . the tea may cool a bit faster - but not so much so that it bothers me . the fact that it is glass and has outlasted so many hand thrown ceramic tea pots i 've had speaks to it 's wonder and durability . like i said , this is made of magic glass .
1 perfect measurers ! . i have purchased many different brands of measuring spoons and cups in the past but these are by far the best ! heavy ( but not too heavy to use ) so the handles do n't bend ( or float around in the dishwasher ) , shaped well so they fit into containers and spice bottles easily , easy to level and the measurement markings will not fade away ( they are engraved ) . i love my set ... will definately buy another set ( cooking is my hobby )
1 throw away your old brush ! . fantastic , works perfectly , easy to clean , much more sanitary than a n old fashioned bristle brush . also gentler on the pastries or breads
1 great item . boy , do i love this piece ! i got mine for a lot less at an outlet store and it 's just wonderful . i love the purple color - it 's just gorgeous in a tuscan kitchen and this piece looks marvelous on the table . it does wonderfully in the oven - it 's not overly big so do n't get it to feed a family of 5 or so . it 's about 1.5 quarts . i get tons of compliments on these pieces and the purple , well , it 's just original and if you 're afraid of it , do n't be . it 's just a gorgeous color and one that i 'm very glad to have introduced into my kitchen . i 'm getting more ! highly recommended piece .
1 fantastic ! . this is the best spatula i have ever owned , and i have owned entirely too many . it is strong and wide and slightly curved at the front edge to fit my pans . the front edge is also nice and thin so it slides right under any food . and it cleans up like magic-no holes for junk to get stuck in . and you can rest it right on the skillet without it melting or lay it on the counter because the handle is curved in such a manner as to keep the head from resting on the countertop . seriously-the best spatula ever
1 the husband replacer ! . this tool makes even the toughest jar a breeze to open , accommodating a range of sizes easily . i 'm sending one to everyone in my family this christmas
1 sturdy and smart . finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to oxo . i love their good grips products . all the handles look great , but are also very comfortable and practical . this strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people . you can use this double rod strainer not only for straining , but also for sifting flour , draining , and if need be - awkwardly steaming veggies over boiling water . it seems most people might go for the 8 '' instead , but this one works perfectly for making gnocchi from scratch . you have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once . then you scoop them all up with the strainer ( the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots ) . drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel . since you can do all this with one hand , you can use your other hand to grab more gnocchi to start a-boilin ' quick as can be . whatever you use it for , this is a high quality strainer that will last
1 worth the $ $ $ $ . read the reviews and ordered ... . do n't regret it at all . will be ordering more for gifts and myself . i have problems with my hands , but have not found the lids to be a problem at all . just start on one side and gently push your way around the lid ... goes right on , nice and snug . ca n't comment on the breaking issue . just has n't happened . maybe if item is dropped immediately after removing from the freezer ? ? ? ? ? ? but , under normal conditions , i 've had no problems . crystal clear , easy to clean , stacks just fine . do n't regret my purchase and as stated , will be getting additional sets .
1 high quality ! . i immediately noticed the quality of this wok as soon as i took it out of the box . very nice looking . very easy to cook in . it 's big and has large sides so it is very easy to stir the stir fry around without spilling it . the non stick surface works beautifully . reattaching the wok to the base after cleaning is fairly easy although the wok never seems to lock 100 % correctly into place without a little hassle . i 'm not sure it really matters if it 's not perfectly 100 % aligned into the base anyway . nevertheless , that 's only a minor gripe . this wok makes stir fry easy and fun and makes the food taste really good . the included spatula was a nice gesture , too . the instructions say the wok can do a lot of other things too , like slow cooking , but i only use it for stir fry
1 these glasses do work . these glasses do work and in much more distinct way that i could have ever imagined . i have bought many riedel glasses to my wine-lover friends and they absolutely love it too . you got to try them to believe it . you wo n't regret it
1 the kitchen essential . this pot is a perfect medium-sized saucepan . the double handles are a great feature . we use it at least once a day in our kitchen . the non-stick surface is extremely durable , although i 'm not sure i would use metal utensils with it . i use a blue scrub sponge to clean it . i 'm not sure i would use the more abrasive , green 3m pads . overall a very durable , high-quality cooking utensil . in fact i 'm back here today to buy one for a friend
1 wonderful set . i love having these pyrex cups in varying sizes . the large ones are great for mixing and pouring batter , like pancakes . the smaller one let 's you measure once , to get 1 1/2 or 2 cups of liquid
1 be a hero when giving a wedding present . ok , it 's june and you are being hit up for present after present and you are on limited funds . no need to feel depressed . you can give this measuring cup set and hold your head up , knowing you gave something that wo n't be sneered at or find its way to the return pile by the blushing bride . everyone needs these cups to do cooking , from the large size for soup and broth to the small size for baking . and i will confess , i 've used the medium sized one as an emergency gravy boat . so it does n't look quite as nice as a cut glass gravy server -- it works just fine . i also use the glass cups for mixing batters to pour out right from the pitcher , and i use them for prepping foods like stir fry when you have to have a bunch of ingredients ready to hand to dump at once into the wok .
1 susann . best iron i ever owned . i read the reviews before purchasing and was not disappointed . no one likes to iron , but this one makes it a little easier
1 solid product . very sturdy construction and i like the glass lid . the only problem i have is the lid has a very thin metal that is easily damaged . the pot is thick and the handles are riveted on and very solid . as long as you are careful with the lid , this steamer is awesome
1 improvement over pyrex . i had traditionally used pyrex cake pans and was n't completely satisfied with the results . just recently , i purchased the airbake cake pan after having successful results in their line of cookie sheets . i am completely satisfied with this pan and recommend getting rid of the traditional pyrex
1 awesome bookshelf . no assembly necessary ! . i love this shelf . i have two . you just take it out of the box and the shelves fall into place . no screwdrivers , nothing to assemble . its fabulous .
1 worth the money , just for the fun ! . i purchased the mix it in on 9/8/06 and used it the next day . i never got soft serve . i froze the bowl again , this time in my upright freezer , and made the mix the day before and refrigerated it for 15 hours . today , i made soft serve ! ! ! ! ! ! it is n't perfect but i 'm well on my way . i have been making the low fat version but i think the regualar version will be excellent . to make this machine work for you here are some pointers : 1 . if you do n't have an upright or chest freezer , put the bowl in the back of your regular freezer . 2 . freeze the bowl for as long as possible beyond the suggested 12 hours . 3 . you can forget the 12-15 minute check described in the manual . you will not have a chance of having soft serv before a minimum of 25 minutes . i mixed as long as 40 minutes . 4 . save your receipt . since the ice cream takes twice as long to mix as is suggested in the manual , you are using the motor 2x as much . therefore , you might have to use the 3 year warranty .
1 we love this toaster ! . we 've had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it . it toasts consistently . it accommodates all widths . and the digital selector is great
1 love my new flatware ! . i thought this set was cute in the picture , but was so excited when it actually came ! it is truly a beautiful set . i have run them through the dishwasher a number of times already and they come out looking like new , and my husband loves the `` larger than normal '' size . i have little hands and i really like them too -they are very sturdy . the biggest bonus , other than the 8 settings plus the 5 piece serving set , is the extra 8 teaspoons !
1 great measuring cup . you can depend upon pyrex to give you a great product . use this cup for measuring all the time
1 so fast ! ! ! ! . i love this carafe -- -no drips like others i have used ! the best part was how fast i recieved it -- -- amazon was so efficient -- -- i ordered it and before i knew it -- -it was here ! !
1 perfect ! . the main problem with my bed was the featers were pocking me while i was sleeping no matter what i put on the top of the feather bed . not anymore after i bought this magic cover . now i can enjoy my new bed without paying the price of being tortured all night by the small needle like feathers : )
1 great little kitchen items ! . although small , these little cups come in really handy . have small amounts of liquid to measure before you measure those tablespoons of sugar or flour ? now you do n't need to be concerned , just use a little oxo cup and move on ! i use them every time i bake and leave the measuring spoons dry or completely alone . just love them and need another set
1 great knives . henkel pro s knives are second to none . they will last a lifetime and make a tremendous difference in your cooking . these knives take the 'chore ' out of cutting vegis
1 so far so good . the 8 '' chef 's knife is a little heavy , but other than that , they both work great so far ... especially for the price . i 've used them daily for a month , and they have not lost their sharpness at all .
1 cutting edge . henckels twin signature 7-piece block set is exactly what i 'd hoped that it would be : a quality set of knives that is ideal for the home . the set of henckels that i 've owned since the mid-80s finally gave in to a lot of use , sharpenings and dishwashings ( dishwashing a good knife is a nice way to shorten the handle 's life expectancy ! ) . but 20 years of great service from my previous set of henckels certainly warranted a loyal update/upgrade to another henckels set . and i am not disappointed . the new set is quite sturdy . home users will be impressed with their strength ; pros might be used to a higher standard , but i used to work in a professional kitchen and i ca n't see how these would not be as effective as anything a pro has . these knives come out of the box sharp too ... a lot sharper than the sharpest that i 've ever had my previous set sharpened to . there were two descriptions from amazon that tell you what you get ; one of amazon 's descriptions included a carving knife ( product description ) and the other a peeling knife ( what 's in the box ) . amazon seems to have corrected the error as of this updated 2-13-2006 writing . to be sure , here 's what you actually get : - 2 1/2 '' peeling knife - 4 '' paring knife - 5 '' serrated knife - 8 '' chef 's knife ... this baby cuts through a roast like a hot knife through butter even though it 's designed for chopping and dicing . in my opinion , it 's better than a carving knife . - a sharpening steel - kitchen shears - and a storage block with 11 slots which is great because some of the knives , especially the serrated knives , from my old set are still in mint shape ( like the 8 '' bread knife ) , so there 's plenty of room in the block for knives in your current collection looking for a new place to sleep . no 8 '' carving knife . but like i said above , the 8 '' chef 's knife works better than any carving knife that i 've used . the only things missing from this set for the average home is a nice large bread knife ( as i said this was not a problem for me ) and steak knives ( also not a problem as most households already have these ) . plain and simple , this is a great set of food preparation knives that -- if my previous set is any indication -- will last for decades . bon appetite .
1 novice kitchen enthusiast . a very solid knife set , especially with the extra slots for those who have a few `` favorite '' knifes left in the drawer . make sure when you buy henckels to get the `` twin '' set instead of the single little henckel-man , that 's a big upgrade in quality . oh , and for goodness sake people , quit putting your knife set through the dishwasher and just clean them as you go
1 calphalon nonstick . wonderful pan , but the handles get very warm since it is oven-proof - wish it was broiler proof
1 a great buy . i did not realise how much i needed a new one till i got the new one
1 awesome . great product . i am using this because my kitchen is under remodelling . works great with smaller vessels . heats up evenly . i give 4 points because i am annoyed by the bulb on the stove . it is on as long as the burner is connected to power . i would rather have a burner which has bulb to show if the burner is on/off .
1 a great , but expensive , addition to the kitchen . the french-made roul'pat , like its cousin the silpat , is a flexible silicon mat enclosing a thin , fiberglass mesh for durability . the roul'pat is designed for creating a non-skid work surface for rolling out and kneading dough . the tacky surface adheres to the counter without clinging to the dough , making it easier to roll out thin pastry crusts and the like . because the mat is flexible , the transfer of a pie crust to pan is a cinch . dipped chocolates do n't stick , nor does fondant . at sixteen and a half inches by twenty-four , the surface is expansive enough for most recipes . the only drawback to this unusual mat is the inability to cut on it , ruling out anything that requires a cookie cutter or knife . the manufacturer also warns against folding and scraping the surface . i find the roul'pat works best on pie crusts , pizza dough , chocolate , and flatbreads ( or any bread dough that requires rolling or shaping . ) clean up is simple - wipe with a damp sponge and rinse . mild soap can be used if needed , although i try to keep the surface detergent free . ( the roul'pat is not dishwasher safe . ) this makes a fantastic gift for cooks who seem to have everything
1 great grill pan ! . i 've owned this grill pan for almost 2 years now and it does a great job of grilling everything from burgers to chicken , fish and thick steaks . it has the ability to heat up to a very high temperature , enabling me to nicely sear the outside of the meat . i can then pop the whole pan in the oven to finish cooking the inside of thick steaks or just to keep warm . as for clean up , the pan does need to sit and soak for a little while but after that , everything comes off with relative ease . no hard scrubbing involved . overall , i love this product and highly recommend it
1 first time user . i purchashed the professional series tortilla baker ps75791 to add healthy tortillas to my diet . i grind my own wheat berries and grow my oun yeast to make bread that is as fresh as it can be and is completed in 4 hours after grinding . a loaf cost just about 15 cents . i wanted to make freshly ground wheat tortillas for the cost savings and for the superior nutrition . i am very pleased with the results . i grind my wheat , but leave out the oil because i submurge my doe in olive oil so it will keep fresh for days in my frig and then work the oil into the doe just before pressing and cooking . the machine really works , and its easy to use . it a quality machine and is a mainstay of my healthy kitchen
1 great item . this sturdy little fan has been working well for months . one quibble : its two speeds are medium and fast . there is no `` slow . '' overall , i 'm a happy customer
1 electric wok . unit works great , heats up fast , easy to clean , and much better built than the typical discount store models . it looks like this willlast a long time
1 cleaning . i have used a revere teakettle for 41 years . to clean it ... all you need to do is take some easy off oven cleaner ( spray type ) and spray the stainless steel part . this cleans all the grease spatters and any other spatters you get on it . leave the easy off on until you see that you can wipe off the stains . wipe , rinse and dry . it will look brand new
1 these glasses are unique and handy - but a bit fragile . i love the function of these glasses . we were given some of these bodum double wall glasses and immediately saw the quality difference . they will not sweat , they will keep your cold stuff cold , etc . i have two down-sides ... these must be handled gently , they are not that thick or hearty . until we realized what was going on , we cracked two by having our refigerator ice dispensor throw cubes into them , cracking them . plus i yanked the dishwasher open fast , knocking one over into something solid , and it broke . but overall , if you handle them with a bit of care , they are really neat glasses
1 bodum beer/milk glasses . while these are described as `` beer '' glasses , they are fantastic for keeping milk cold through a meal . i actually pour the milk and place the glasses in the freezer while i start dinner . these glasses are easy to clean and retain their `` sunny '' shine , even though we have very hard water . no spots ! great product
1 perfect everytime ! . when you bake with the bavaria pan , you can be sure that the finished product is consistent in shape everytime . the pan bakes evenly and there is a crispness of form when the cake is unmolded
1 replacement plan . i hope i never have to use it , but i have peace of mind , knowing it is in place
1 a fan for all rooms . this is a light weight box fan that is very easy to move from place to place . the remote feature is very convenient and it really helps keep the apartment cool
1 6 stars for being a muti tasker . this tablemate is perfect for anybody.it has many uses around the house which i could list but it would take to long . it is sturdy enough to hold about 20 to 30 lbs.when the tray is at its level position . the 3 positions is a plus because it gives you more options.the one thing that is a negative is the legs do not fold down completely for storage but everything else folds down ( table top and the small bar.other than the legs not folding this is a five star
1 they 're decent mixing bowls ... i knew what i was buying , so there were n't any surprises . the only thing i do not like about them is the shallowness ; i wanted that feature for storage , but i did n't take into account how easy it is to be messy when mixing . i would suggest having another bowl around for use with an electric mixer . i like them , and i would buy them again..
1 a reply about pan dimensions . i just adore silicone bakeware ! ! ! i do n't own this particular pan , but i 'm replying to the first review . this pan , according to the description , measures 17-4/5 by 7 and 4/5 by 2 inches . i 'd imagine that the individual loaves would probably measure approximately 8 by 3 and 1/2 inches , a good size for , for instance , zucchini bread loaves intended as christmas gifts
1 love it ! ! . this pan works so great ! i have used it for cookies , biscuits , and pizza . nothing has burned or stuck . super easy to clean , you can wipe it off with a paper towel and stick it in the dishwasher or just rinse it with a sponge and soap and everything just slips right off . great product !
1 great price , good crate . this product has been great . the price is about half similar sized crates you can find at a pet store . the only difference is the metal is a little thinner but if your dog is not aggressive , it should be fine . also , their is only one side door , does n't have the 2 door options that higher priced crates have , but that did n't matter in our case . this door was actually larger and our puppy found it easier to go in and out . for the price , it 's a great product
1 my fiance loves it . i bought it for my fiance and she loves it . it 's great for frying chicken
1 great product - great deal . purchased the toaster as a gift for my daughter 's family . they love it . with 2 kids and friends , the large capacity , sleek design , and perfect toasted bagels , keeps everyone happy . get lots of positive comments from friends on how it looks and toasts !
1 great for the office -- and for those with younger children . i got a sunbeam hot shot about 6 years ago . it had been recommended by someone at work . i used it at work every day ( and still do ) -- and have since bought another for home . it makes 2 cups of hot water -- and is great for everything including tea , instant oatmeal and hot chocolate . when my daughter was younger , it was great for her because she could make her own hot chocolate or instant macaroni and cheese , and i would n't have to worry about her being burned on the hot stove . with the hot shot , you just pour your water in the top and hit the `` heat '' button . the machine will then shut itself off when the water is hot and you can dispense the water . this is a great product and i highly recommend it for anyone who wants fast , convenient , and safe heating for hot water
1 braun coffee maker . we have had braun coffee pots for several years and have been happy with the coffee maker . unfortunately , the two coffee makers that we had ordered from amazon had a persistent leaking problem unlike the exact same models that we have had in the past
1 great choice . this thermometer has been a great asset to me during the course of my employment at the bellagio in las vegas , as well as during my time as a student at le cordon bleu . easy to use , full-featured and very dependable , i have recommended this thermometer to many people and use it many times each day
1 best burgers ever . first thing we cooked in this pan were burgers , and we could not believe the difference in taste compared to pan fried . the raised ridges really carmelize the meat , and even when cooked well done the burgers are juicy . we have prepared chicken , pork chops and fish , and they are all at least as good as charcoal grilled . i would give this pan 10 stars if i could
1 best 2 quart pot in the world . i got this to use with the glorious one pot meals cookbook . it has wonderful recipies , and the pot works wonderful . cleans up really easy . try it , you 'll love it . sharon from colorad
1 good enough - and then some . purchased these to go with a 7 inch henckels international santoku that i 've been using for years , and the phrase that comes to mind to describe all fine edge cutlery is `` good enough . '' no , it is n't restaurant quality , and yes , if you put these through the dishwasher they 'll tarnish and probably even start to rust ( any metal designated as `` stainless '' is rust resistant rather than rust proof , and reviewers of other henckels products complaining about rust and tarnish probably are n't treating their knives very well ) . as a graduate student on a budget who enjoys cooking , but does n't always have the time for it , these knives are an ideal compromise between price and quality . be aware that they will occasionally require sharpening - i 've had the santoku for almost three years and run it through a commercially available ceramic disk sharpener every few months and it still cuts very nicely - and should probably be hand-washed for longest life . with that little bit of maintenance , however , this three piece set can meet nearly all of your cooking needs ( it meets all of mine , but then i do n't often dress poultry , filet my own fish , or do much that would require a cleaver or really subtle boning knife ) for quite a nice price
1 totally worth it ! . after reading all the reviews and hearing about this on the radio , i went ahead and shelled out $ 100 for this . i had really high expectation , having never spent so much for a heater before . i have happy to say that i am completely satisfied . this heater does n't overwhelm and dry out the room with too much heat . instead it circulates the heat over time ( you should probably give it a good half hour to properly heat the whole room ) evenly heating the whole room and leaving absolutely no cold spots . after spending some time in my room , i had completely forgotten how cold it was outside . other bonuses are that it is very easy to operate and has a thermostat so you can set it to the exact termerature that you want your room to be . my only minor complaint is that for its price , it should have included a remote control . otherwise , it is a wonderful heater
1 it 's a pan . you put cake mix in it and make cake . this pan does just that . yay
1 pretty good . the litter box is good if you have a cat that does not scratch . my cat sometimes tears up the box with her claws so i have to keep an eye on her and the box for leaking and holes . other then that the chystals are excellent for odor
1 the best on the market , well i think it is . i have to say that i have tried almost all of the self-cleaning litter boxes out there for my large male 14year old cat . he has the electric water fountain for kitties and yes he does drink lot and lots of water , so you know what that means , yes , he pees a lot . oh yea he is a larger ( not fat ) kitty so he eats a lot also , i aint sayin no more on that subject . it has now been 25 amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! scoop/poop/pee clump/urin odor/poop smell/lots and lots and lots of anoying tracked sandy litter ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..free days ! ! ! ! ! this is not saying that this litter box does not have any room for improvement , but i am one happier kitty owner . i will tell anyone that hates doody and pee clump duty , or that hates the tracked litter mess and nasty clumped up ( metal or plastic ) rake and plastic that never fits right storage container , get this litter box . the main gripe i have with this litter box is the cost of the replacement crystal litter cartridges , but i have been told by numerous pet store owners and workers that there will probably be a generic competitor on the market soon which will hopefully bring the price of the litter cartridges down . one can only hope ! but regardless , i am keeping this auto waste center for my cay . the other gripe , but not major problem i have seen so far , is with the cardboard for the cartridge that the litter sits in . now my cat , with a regular clumping litter box had clumps the size of softballs . after 25 days , there is , on the bottom of the inside tray , ( not the bottom one that actually touches the floor and acts as the cover when you throw the thing out ) a wet spot in the area that my cat likes to urinate at , apparently this is his favorite spot to pee . on the bottom cardboard tray ( the one that touches the floor and acts as the cover when you throw the cartridge out ) there is just the hint of a wet spot . i think that if they increase the wax content in the cardboard or if that is what is actually coating the cardboard this will help . i have not had to realign the rake as other people have said they had to do . i do not smell any urine or poop and there is a lot of shrunken poop under that cardboard tray cover . i have minimal tracked crystal litter on the floor around and/or under the litter box . the motor is not as quiet as i would like , but then again it does n't bother me or wake anyone in my house up either , it is kept on a wooden floor right out side the bedroom door in a hallway . if you are in the market for an almost maintenance free litter box for your cat , try this one . like i said earlier , it 's not 100 % perfect , but it is the best damn self cleaning , almost maintenance free litter box on the market . not every kitty or human for that matter poops and pees that same , so if you do n't try it you will never know if it 's right for you and your kitty/kitties . read all the rest of the reviews for this and other products and see what everyone is saying about all of them , make an educated decision good luck
1 a good product ! . i bought this product back in july 2005 and have been using it to make my morning protein shakes . it does a good job of it . i can not comment on its ability to make icecream as i try to stay away from that stuff . the unit has a very solid construction . the stainless steel glass is great . i just drink my shake from it . so it saves me from having to wash another glass . i just have one small issue with it . you can not remove the spindle to clean it . you have to use the stainless steel glass with warm , soapy water , put it under the spindle and then rotate it around to clean it . well , the problem is this - while i am drinking my shake , the spindle is dripping liquid on the part of the unit that flares out on the bottom . okay , okay , it 's no big deal , i suppose . all in all , i like this product , and i would recommend it .
1 in love . i love this set . this was the first `` real '' cookware i 've ever bought . my husband and i did months of research before purchasing this set . we 've had it now for about 2 months and i ca n't express how much we 've enjoyed it . i 've read several reviews that say food sticks and so on , but i think that perhaps those people think that because it looks similar to non stick , it is . it 's not ! think of it like this : it cooks like stainless steel and cleans up like non stick ( maybe even better ! ) . we almost went with the all clad , but we just could n't get over how uncomfortable the handles were . since i have n't cooked with all clad , i ca n't compare the calphalon one to it , but i will say they heat evenly and cook evenly . clean up is super easy ! just this morning i made bacon and french toast . i looked at the pans and thought `` there is no way i 'll ever get this clean ! '' i poured some bar keeper 's friend on it and went to work with my scotch brite pad and within minutes it was spotless ! fantastic
1 the cookware for serious home cooks . my fiance and i registered for this set and we were thrilled when my parents got it for us . i have been an avid home cook for over 10 years and have never had a complete set of cookware . this is exactly what the dr. ordered ! here 's why : 1 ) heavy , sturdy construction . these things can take a beating . they heat evenly and hold heat very well . 2 ) you can use metal utensils with them . i hate plastic spatulas ! we all know that we are n't supposed to use metal with non-stick pans but we all do and then after a while our pan is a useless , peeling shadow of its former self . well this is n't the case with calphalon 1 ! scrape away with any device you have at your disposal with no fear . 3 ) they `` stick '' and sear as well as cast iron cookware ( it 's a good thing ) . this is the best feature for me . coated non-stick cookware has its place but if you like to pan sear and get those tasty browned bits for sauces you used to have to use a pan that 's not non-stick such as stainless steel or cast iron . they `` stick '' for a reason . you need that contact with the cooking surface to get that great browning . now there 's the calphalon 1 which sears as well as cast iron pans but cleans up like a non-stick pan . it 's a no-brainer ! 4 ) they look cool , have great handles , they 're oven-safe , and they come with a lifetime warranty . these are not cheap . if your primary goal in cookware is super easy cleanup then do n't buy this expensive set . it will dissapoint you . but , if you want the advantages of traditional cookware combined with easier cleanup in a durable , functional set , and are willing to shell out the $ $ $ for a top-of-the-line product then this is for you . serious cooks who need the correct tools will love this cookware
1 great huge pan . this is a great roasting pan and is heavy and solid in the way all all clad pans are . but it is huge . if you frequently roast 20 lb turkeys or half an ox , this pan is for you . a regular roasting chicken looks pretty small and forlorn . it is a terrifically well-made roaster , but i find i also need one just a bit smaller
1 functional and easy to install . the pot rack came as advertised and it was a snap to put up . it looks ok and works well with my wall space . i would purchase this item again
1 great for gripping ! . if you have problems with gripping those round coffee grinders , this one is for you ! it 's oval shape makes holding it much easier than a round grinder . it grinds well and quickly and is a breeze to clean with just a few flicks of a pastry brush ( dedicate one specially for this as it will discolor over time ) . it 's the shape that makes it great
1 olga gill . this is a great thermometer , easy to use and very accurate . it is an essential tool in the kitchen for making perfect candy recipes each time . you should always test your thermometer in boiling water by reaching 212f or 100c before you use it . i like the clip that allows you to attach it to the side of the pot . it 's easy to read and dishwasher proof . it 's the best !
1 wonderful product ! . my dish for the holidays is always mini-cheesecakes . it was always frustrating to get them out of my mini-muffin pan . this pan has made it so easy ! i no longer dread making this dessert . just a note though ... the cups on this pan are approx twice as big as a regular mini-muffin pan so adjust your recipe accordingly . i just double my recipe and get bigger mini-cheesecakes . i do n't think anyone will mind
1 outstanding . this is undeniably the best balanced , best constructed , easiest to use knife on the market . i dont use any of my other knives after i bought this ... amazing . if you are going to buy only one knife - get this one
1 great for a large family . this is a great skillet for a party or a large family . we used it on super bowl sunday for bbq wings . the skillet kept them warm and looked good as a buffet server , as well . it cleaned up quickly and easily .
1 as good as it gets ! . i 've been using one of these little gems for over 20 years and it still works flawlessly . great output and grind adjustment . the only other pepper mill that i could recommend ( in addition to this one ) is the unicorn magnum plus pepper mill ( 9-in. ) . the perfex is `` the '' pepper mill that every well equipped kitchen should have
1 excellent design and very pleasant colors ! ! . i have seen this set at my friends place ... .its gorgeous ! ! a bid pricy though compared to other corelle sets
1 so far so good , handle a little narrow . i never really noticed the inner groove as a `` problem '' until i read the other reviews . this was part of my first all-clad set -- so nice ! yes , things stick in the groove , but i just use a silicone spatula while cooking and i do n't seem to have a problem . i love the capacity and size/shape of this unit . scrambled eggs come out beautifully in this pot , as does chocolate ganache and buttercream frosting . but sometimes my pumpkin pie filling gets bits of cooked egg if i 'm not diligent about stirring out the groove . the width/depth ratio allows me to really get my whisk or spatula inside to work . sometimes the dishwasher ( horrors , i know ! ) does n't get the groove completely clean . i hand-wash it most times anyway , so that does n't really matter too much to me . i like the length of the handle , but i wish it were slightly thicker to make it easier to grab when using a pot-holder
1 wow ! this stuff is good ! . i had never tried yogurt cheese before , but i was intrigued by the idea . making the yogurt cheese was simple with this device - just fill with yogurt and leave it in the fridge . the product seems sturdy and was easy to clean . we grow our own raspberries , and i have been eating them with ice cream . last night i tried eating them with non-fat yogurt cheese sweetened with a bit of sugar . it was delicious and much healthier ! yogurt cheese is a good source of calcium and protein - half a cup has 85 calories , 10 grams protein , 10 grams carbohydrate , and 235 mg calcium . it would be great for layering with fruit in parfaits
1 great toaster for a good price . we were looking for a toaster to toast thicker breads such as bagels . the toaster does this and more . there is a bagel button you press when toasting bagels and only the outside heating coils come on and toast the center of the bagel ! this is how i like them to be toasted . the toaster also has a basket that holds the bread/bagel in place while it is being toasted . this feature is really nice when toasting soft things such as pop-tarts . good variance of heat controls too . i have not found anything bad on this one . good choice
1 butter can be better . butter can be better when served in a truly elegant country butter pot . emile henry couleurs does not fail . buy it , you will love it . and , have something absolutely unique -- no kidding
1 best can opener i ever owned ! ! ! . i got rid of my electric can opener when i bought this one . there is no need for it anymore . this can opener works like a charm and very easy to use . does not take up any space at all . love it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 cordless , programmable , and yummy . what more could you ask for ? . i 've had one of these for many years and it recently went on the fritz after a lot of usage . i 'm getting another . it ca n't be beat - and the fact that it 's cordless is huge . you can have a table full of folks for dinner , and walk around freely with your percolator ; no unplugging required . and the coffee comes out delicious
1 just the right size for my family . i bought one of these for my daughter for christmas and i got this particular one because it had all the attributes she wanted . she wanted it to be small ehough for just two people and to be able to remove the bowl for cleaning . this was the only one i found with those attributes . there were 1 qt . size that were too little and all the bigger ones for big families . after she got it she liked it so well that i bought one for myself and it works perfectly . i think the size for a small family and the ease of cleaning are the real selling points for me
1 cleave your meat in under 10 minutes ! . how do you cleave your meat ? i cleave my meat by meat cleaving it with a meat cleaver
1 le creuset = quality . i own many items from the le creuset stoneware collection , and i must say that they are all of superb quality . this square pan is perfect for baking and serving my favorite side dishes and desserts . i have been impressed over and over again at how non-stick the surface of this bakeware is . everything i have put into le creuset bakeware - brownies , casseroles , refried beans , etc . - has come clean with zero elbow grease . in fact , the dishwasher usually gets them sparkling clean without my help ! i highly recommend this product as well as everything else from this line
1 love , love , love this iron ! ! ! . this is my third rowenta iron and they have all served me well , but this is by far the best . the steam is amazing . you only have to made one pass on most items . i know it is a lot of money for an iron but it is worth every penny for the time it saves
1 superbly functioning pots and pans . we have been extremely pleased with our tri-ply set ( we have the 8-pc . set plus a number of extra pieces we 've picked up ) . they heat evenly ; are durable ; the ( long ) handles really do stay cool ; and clean well . our only complaint is that calphalon does n't seem to care about minimizing the number of lids necessary for their cookware . we own only one lid that fits more than one pot/pan ( the one for the 10 in . pan , 3 qt . saute , 6 qt . stockpot ) -- and we have 4 other lids which fit only a single pot , some of which are within 1/2 in . of being the same width ! however , we 'd still get these pans again in a second , and probably go for the 13-piece set instead of the 8 piece as well
1 the best i 've had so far ! . i used to have the calphalon commercial non-stick and i prefer these . the stainless steel pans seem to heat up faster , are easier to handle and you can put them in the dishwasher ( although calphalon prefers you handwash them ) . no problems yet and i do n't forsee any . a great purchase
1 great little toaster oven ! . having gone through our share of toaster ovens in 22 years of marriage , this is by far the best . it 's classy looking on the counter , easy to clean , very lightweight , quiet and has alot of options for toasting and baking that make the food come out just as it should . i ca n't imagine going back to a traditional toaster oven again .
1 perfect . this stockpot is wonderful ! ! the weight is professional , the size perfect and the handles are great for a little old lady like me ! ! ha ha ! what a fabulous buy ! ! thank you ! thank you ! thank you
1 easy and amp ; durable ! . i 've been using this apple peeler for about six years . it still works great and makes pies a breeze . even easy enough for kids to use ! much more stable than the kind you have to clamp to the table
1 the best panini press . excellent panini press , sturdy construction , easy clean-up , looks nice just go out and buy one . you wo n't regret it
1 panini grill a winner . the villaware panini grill has proved to be a very useful appliance , so much so that i leave it out on the counter - it 's quite attractive , and certainly not an eyesore . i use it often , for grilled sandwiches , of course , but also for grilled meats and fish . i would caution users to avoid meat with bones , e.g . lamb chops ( you ca n't get a good sear when the bone keeps the surface of the meat away from the grill ) , and to be very careful about timing : things get done twice as fast ! while the cleaning `` comb '' is useful to get most of the remaining food or fat off the grill , you still need to fold a paper towel and clean each groove separately ; much easier to do if the grill is warm ( not hot ) . i have n't tried grilling vegetables , yet , but it should work perfectly on zucchini sliced the long way , or eggplant , or peppers . i am very happy with the quality of this product
1 tender at last ! . i 'm blown away ! with 48 blades , this product really does the job quickly and quietly . no more boom ! boom ! boom ! echoing off the walls which only produced a flat but still tough piece of meat . i 'd gladly pay twice the cost for the deni because it works ! it 's very sturdy , very sharp and easy to clean in the dw . i 'm using cheaper cuts of meat sucessfully in recipes i had stored away because of toughness or price . marinating is faster and more effective , cooking time can be reduced . keep it away from kids . protect your countertop . the best kitchen gadget i ever bought ! !
1 works good . try vinegar in the water though . the first time i used it i put a little white vinegar into the water with the eggs and timer . it seemed to cut down on the plastic smell . also the vinegar will seal your eggs if they crack preventing the insides from leaking out . i did notice the timer has to be completely dark for the eggs to be done instead of the little light circle in the middle like is stated on the packag
1 egg timer for the cooking impaired . as a person who could set boiling water on fire , i can truely state that this hard boiled egg timer has helped me be able to boil an egg . prior to this i never knew if the egg was done and usually i either over cooked them , or worse , under cooked them . now they come out perfect everytime . highly recommend
1 could n't live without it . you either `` get '' this product or you do n't . it 's probably my favorite appliance in my whole house , and i show it off proudly to everyone who comes over . when i do , some folks look at me like i 'm nuts while others instantly begin grinning and nodding their heads . ( kindred spirits ! ) here 's the deal . i hate bending over . i hate getting my hands dirty with a dustpan . i do n't mind sweeping a room , but for some reason that extra step of scooping up the pile of dirt and dumping it into the trash can drives me crazy . ( more often than not , i 'll just sweep the pile into a corner , prop the broom against the wall over it , and tell myself i 'll take care of it later . disgusting , i know , but i 'm not exactly known for my housekeeping skills ! ) anway , with the sweep-eze , all i have to do is sweep the pile under the electric eye . magically , the machine kicks on and sucks it up -- without me having to bend over or get my hands dirty or anything . i love it ! i do n't have to empty the canister very often , maybe once a month at most . the only drawback is that it 's pretty loud and my family gets mad at me if i do n't warn them that i 'm about to kick it on . but as long as i say `` sweep-eze alert ! `` , they 're happy . and it only stays on for a few seconds anyway . some folks do n't get it , but for those who do , this product is invaluable . i 'm not sure how i ever got along without it
1 seepex dust bin . this dust bin is a helping hand to the disabled that have difficulties bending and to workshop craftsman
1 excellent food processor/blender combo ! . i have used different brands of blenders and food processors from various manufacturers in the past , but beleive me or not , this blender/food processor is really the one i am looking for . it has a powerful motor that can easily break ice , plus the blender jar is made of really thick , unbreakable material , unlike many other glass blender jars . one other feature i like about this combo is its wave action technology , which can continuously pull down the mixture in it and this system really works . the food processor is large enough to chop/mix fruits and vegetables , and above all it saves a lots of space in my kitchen . i have read a lots of bad reviews from many people about other combos like this , but i do n't know what these people are exactly trying to do with a blender/food processor .
1 exactly the everyday dishes i was looking for ... i 've owned a couple of sets of corelle dinnerware through the years and gave both sets away because i used them so long ( without breaking any pieces ) that i grew tired of the pattern . this time i decided i wanted a plain white dinnerwear set for everyday use . when i did an internet search , this corelle set came up . i bought it , and i 'm very pleased with my purchase . i highly recommend it
1 corelle dishwear . i love our new white corelle . it is so light and takes up much less room in the cabinet .
1 ultimate use . let 's face it , you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated . nice furniture and practical book shelves . but you do not live alone ; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around . it may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of garfield on it or some cutesy saying . but in the long run this durable , multi use , dishwasher safe , bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water .
1 best cutting board ever ! ! ! . this is an extremely nice cutting board , great size and easy to handle . cleans up in a breeze . no stains and does not dull those favorite knives . i have the larger size but this one is my favorite
1 a great little press ! . i purchased this press to supplement a larger 8-cup model . the press allows just under one standard size mug to be filled . if you also are looking for a mug 's worth of coffee , i would recommend purchasing the 4-cup model as that would leave just a bit more room , and keep more of the small grindings in the press , rather than in the bottom of my cup . also , it should be noted that bodum sells the spare parts for this press ( right here on amazon , in fact ) , so if you should break it , a few dollars will get you back in java ! another note , some people have mentioned that dumping the grindings proves problematic as you ca n't just put them down the drain ( plugs up your trap ) . i have found an easy solution in using the plastic and wire mesh grind basket of my last automatic coffee maker as a strainer . i just pour the bit of water and grinds out of the press and into the basket ( which i leave in the sink ) , and allow the water to run off . then i pour shake the dry coffee into the trash . no fuss , and the basket is dishwasher safe for the occasional cleaning
1 french press coffee -- why take the time . for ideal coffee using a french press is the best method . it takes a bit more time and effort , but results in much better tasting coffee . this is because due to the lower temperatures and the lack of a paper filter the coffee oils stay in tact . this adds a lot of flavor to the coffee that is lost otherwise . as for this french press in particular : size does matter . if you make enough coffee that you are n't drinking by the single mug then just get a bigger press . i drink about a pot and half of coffee most week days and find the effort required to use this smaller press a hassle . as such i just keep this press at home and only use it in the evenings .
1 best knife i own . i 've used this knife for nearly two years and i love it ! it fits perfectly in my hand and takes a razor sharp edge with little effort . this knife sold me on the entire four star line
1 best purchase i have made . we love this thing . the steamer takes up far less room for both storage and use than a regular standing ironing board . we have a small house and not alot of wiggle room , so space saving is key for us . also , i hate ironing ; sleeves , collars and touchy fabrics can be a bear . with the steamer i just drag the wand and go , so far easy as pie . on some types of fabrics or clothing details i can see where a little touch with a traditional iron would be beneficial , but overall we love this thing .
1 looks good and gets the job done . all coffee grinders leave a bit of a mess so do n't let the comments about stray grinds deter you . all the reviewers who used flavored beans need to be discounted since that is not recommended . others seem to have trouble with the `` door '' which is really just a deflector for the grind . you get a few grinds on the counter but that is a small price to pay for delicious fresh coffee . th a-9 has a strong relatively quiet motor ( which means it is still loud , but not as loud as most other burr grinders0 and takes up very little counter space . the glass hopper for the beans seals at the top with a scrw on lid . i love the idea of the measuring cup which saves a lot of time scooping . it eliminates that step ... just grind until you have the right amount and dump it into your coffee basket . kitchen aid has a nice pro model that costs twice as much by why pay more for less
1 well done . everything about this set is well done . the packaging and the size of the plates .
1 i can finally make proper pancakes . i 'm glad i bought this griddle ! i 've been stuck with teflon-coated nonstick pans for a while , and when i saw such great deals on cast iron pans , i had to buy a few . i ordered the griddle , the ~10 '' logic grill pan , and the ~10 '' skillet . thankfully all three qualified for free super saver shipping , because the cost to ship was more than the cost of the pans themselves ! the order was placed late monday night , and i was promised that my pans would ship by the following monday . by wednesday the griddle had arrived , and the grill pan showed up on friday . way to go , ups ! it turns out that its good to get these things early , because it takes a few days to get the `` natural finish '' pans properly seasoned . i think most of the complaints found in user reviews of cast iron cookware could have been avoided entirely had the reviewers simply taken the time to season their pans properly . food wo n't stick to a cast iron pan if you 've taken the time to season it until it 's black and almost totally non-stick . it takes some time and paitence , but it 's the same way with a good wok : you get out of it what you put into it , and this certainly reflects in one 's cooking . iif you 're going to buy one of these pans , do your homework ! ask google about cast iron seasoning tips and instructions and you too can have an awesome cast iron pan . if you want to save some time , just buy the logic line of pans , because saving the effort of seasoning is probably worth the massive price increase ( the logic griddle is nearly double the price of the original ) . keep in mind that you will eventually have to re-season the pan , but hopefully not for a while ( we 'll see how the grill pan turns out ) . i agree with some of the other reviews , the handle could stand to be made a little longer . i am a pretty physically fit chef , and i still find the griddle to be pretty hefty . a little extra ease of carrying a heavy piece of what 's usually very hot iron would be great . i 've found that grabbing it with a folded cotton ( natural fibers do n't melt ! ) towl helps , or if you 're serious about using cast iron ( and you like to sear meat on it ) you should invest in a pair of welder 's gloves or something equally thick and heavy and fireproof . this morning i pulled the griddle out of the oven where it had spent the past few days being alternately heated , rubbed down with peanut oil , and cooled ; and i heated it up and made pancakes . you have not lived until you eat pancakes cooked on a hot cast iron surface . teflon-coated pans simply can not compare . i ca n't wait to try making grilled-cheese sandwiches , omelettes , and hashed browns on this griddle . with any luck , this will be the last griddle i ever need to buy ( and hopefully the griddle my grandchildren wo n't have to buy )
1 great product . pfaltzgraff products are always reliably good , the pistoulet dinnerware actually makes me feel cheerful when i use it . the colors are great and the designs are whimsical . i bought two sets in different colors and mix and match which makes the eating experience even more fun . i want to start collecting all the fun serving pieces too . the only thing i did n't like was taking stickers off each piece in the box . that always makes me crazy , it should be against the law to put stickers on dishes
1 great sheets ! . i 'm a student at a massage therapy school and i only have two sheet sets , so i wash these at least twice a week and they are n't showing any wear at all ( i 've had them for about 2 months ) . i do n't really care for the color , but i get complements on my sheets often . the order arrived a week earlier than i had expected . i could n't be more pleased
1 different and useful . the angled slots are useful and easier than top loaders . the right pull pushes the bread up once toasted , i love this feature . the bagel toaster is handy as is the stop button . all of the buttons and pulls are easy and intuitively obvious , you do n't need a degree to operate it . it looks interesting on my counter since it does n't look like the typical toaster . i would have given 5 stars except for the fact that a large slice of bread does n't fit all the way in , the slots could have been a bit larger . they are wide enough for fat bread . i really like this toaster so far .
1 the best tongs i 've ever bought ... hands down the best non-stick tongs i 've ever purchased . definitely worth the money !
1 if you bake cookies like i do . these pans are a great value . they are heavy duty and will last for a long time . i do alot of baking and need to freguently replace them . they heat evenly to prevent burning . the extra large size cuts my time in half so i can spend more time enjoying the end results with my family . the silverstone coating makes clean-up a breeze . they are alittle heavy so they are not the best if you want those little hands to help in the baking . these pans are a must have for all
1 good product but ... kitchens etc put price stickers on the outsides of each bowl . these are not coming off easily at all . each one of them has a sticky , white adhesive mess on the side . the bowls themselves are cute
1 perfect , every time . this machine turns coffee into a near-religeous experience ! every cup has a perfect crema head , is absolutely fresh , piping hot , rich and strong - and it 's so fast ! anyone who does n't like this coffee maker has to be : 1 ) using the machine incorrectly ( most of the criticisms i 've read reveal the real culprit is `` pilot error '' ) 2 ) using bad coffee , or 3 ) just not a coffee lover ! i have been responsible for the sale of at least 25 of these machines , simply by serving its coffee to family , friends and collegues - everyone rushes out to buy one for themselves . ( granted , i use great coffee : java one 's french roast . look for a retailer on-line . ) my friends have abandoned starbacks , now that they can make this ! so do n't let the critics scare you - this is the best thing to happen to coffee since the blessed bean was discovered . come over - i 'll make you a cup and all arguments will be settled
1 a very satisfactory purchase . the senseo delivers a good , hot cup of coffee in either single or double mode . it 's easy to fill , easy to use , easy to clean , and accepts any suitably shaped coffee pod . the only mild annoyance is the rattly cup tray during the brew-pump operation
1 aroma rice cooker is an absolute essential today . this cooker makes the best jasmine rice if you measure 1 1/2 cups raw , jasmine rice into the cooker , wash it under cold water for 3 washings , and then fill the cooker with water up just under the 2 cup mark ( more like 1 1/2 cups water ) with the washed rice still in the cooker . just push the button and taste great , fluffy rice - everytime in only 20 minutes or less ! i love my cooker and have sent these as gifts to my children and friends . maybell
1 whips like a pro ! ! ! . i learned a long time ago , if you go kitchenaid , you go for life . they make the highest quality , longest life products i have ever seen . this hand mixer is the third of its kind i 've owned . i 've had two of the braun models and they died out after about a year of average use . i finally got the kitchenaid and it has been going strong for a few years now . i really like having the ability to go down to the bottom of a large pot , a full 8 '' . even though it is of substantial weight , it fits your hand like a glove . i found it far superior to the braun , as a matter of fact , it does n't even compare . the plastic cup with lid makes an excellent accessory since you can mix and store without wasting time . the chopper is the most efficient i have seen , does a better job that a food processor . i especially like the multi-speed dial . it goes from 1 to 9 so it has the power you need , when you need it . egg white or whip cream does n't even challenge it , the whipping attachment makes sure of that . this baby handles like a pro . there are times when you do n't need the big mixer and the immersion blender really fills in nicely . you wo n't be disappointed with the quality , power or its sleek look
1 excellent pan and great for bench pressing , too ! . cooks evenly as all get out , cleans up fine in the dishwasher , and the non-stick coating seems to work just fine , but the thing weighs more than my grandpa 's old blue buick ! it does have the extra little handle on the far side to make it easier to pick up with two hands , so it is manageable . but it is heavy . and the handle gets hot . so , if you want a great pan and are willing to put up with the weight , hot handle , pick one up when it 's on sale and you'l be a happy cook
1 great dish ! . i 'm a true longaberger fan , but since they 're getting out of control on their prices lately , i thought i 'd try something else . this piece by far is the only piece of pottery that i 've found that can stand up to longaberger 's quality . this dish cleans beautifully and holds a nice-sized lasagna . i 'm very , very happy with it and only wish i 'd found the le creuset brand before now . grab this dish - it will quickly become your favorite ! i love the color
1 sliced bread = shark sweeper . i hate taking out the vacuum and trying to find a plug for it . this means i wait until i absolutely have to use the vacuum and the house is a mess . this thing is so light and convenient that i pull it out whenever there is a mess and i do n't hate doing it . i have had it for about 3 months now and the battery is great . in fact i keep forgetting to plug it back in and it still is always ready for me . it works great on my wood floor and area rugs .
1 fantastic . i got a set of four of these same steak knives for christmas 2004 , and they 've been excellent . they 've seen constant use and are still razor-sharp . it 's been a real revelation to me : so this is what good kitchen knives are like , and this is why they cost more than the lightweight stuff ! i 've never had a genuinely good chef 's knife , paring knife , etc . but when i 'm ready to get a serious set , i know exactly what brand i 'll buy
1 great set of knives ! . these knives came in a beautiful box , and are the perfect steak knife
1 i love this bowl ! . i have several pieces of all clad . i love this little bowl ! it 's great for mixing brownie 's , eggs , pancakes ... .etc . i have other bowls , but , this is the one i reach for . you 're buying with confidence when you purchase all clad . the name speaks for itself , quality ! you will not be disappointed
1 fantastic deal - plenty of light . very lightweight - can use it on a magazine even - clipping it to the bottom of the magazine works well . plenty of light to read by too - i sometimes do n't need my reading glasses when using it
1 nicely designed small pitcher . the pitcher does what it 's supposed to do and is easy to clean . my only wish is that they would make a pitcher like this microwavable and with lines showing the ounces of the contents . that way you could pour the amount you need and pre-warm the milk in the pitcher prior to frothing , achieving better and faster and more convenient results
1 wonderful find ... i just received this set the other day , and am absolutely thrilled . it is top-notch quality , and the pieces are very heavy . my silverware drawer looks so pretty and perfect , i am tickled every time i open it ! it is definitely the last set i 'll ever need . and at this price , ( and free shipping to boot ) there is no better deal anywhere
1 my favorite salad spinner . this is my favorite salad spinner , and i 've tried several over the last couple years . it dries my lettuce very well , and has some useful features that i have n't seen in other spinners . like the old zyliss spinner , you pull on a handle to spin the basket . but with this one the more you pull , the faster it spins , kind of like revving up a top or something . it spins much faster than those 'crank ' spinners or the 'push down ' type -and faster spinning means more water off your veggies . as for the new features , here are my top five : 1 ) the lid is clear , so you can see the veggies spinning around in there and make sure you 're not overfilling the spinner , the lettuce isnt bunching up in one corner , etc . ok , it 's also just mesmerizing to watch your food spin round and round . kind of like watching your clothes roll around in the dryer . 2 ) there is a brake ! so after you 've whipped your veggies into a frenzy , you can slam them to a stop -which also helps get more water off . this works better on the small sized spinner , since there is less weight to stop , but even on the big spinner it works very well . i have seen a brake on another spinner , but this one works much better . 3 ) the cord pulls itself back in -and gently : i disliked how the old 'string ' spinners would yank on your arm , and if you did n't respond just right the string would n't pull in at all : it ends up just sitting there in a pile . you 'd have to take the lid off and wind it up yourself ! this new design winds the cord up every time . 4 ) the basket is smooth on the inside -that 's something i defintely have not seen before . it 's a subtle feature , but very helpful : it helps make sure little bits of your lettuce dont get stuck in the basket when you 're cleaning it out . 5 ) you can stack things on top of it , both in the fridge and in the cupboard , because the top is mostly flat . the handle even sits in its own little pocket in the lid so that it 's not in the way . in my house fridge space is valuable and i appreciate being able to stack this spinner like i do with my tupperware . so , overall i am impressed with this spinner ( so impressed that i 've also given it as a gift ! ) . it does its job very well and has thoughtful extra features which make it more helpful around the kitchen
1 concepts electronix hot diggity dogger -best appliance i ever bought ! . i bought the hot diggity dogger many years ago . we are still using it ! ! my kids have made their own hot dogs for years . my middle one loves it . he is getting his own place now and i am going to get him one for christmas . he has used it the most . he loves it . it is the only appliance that i have ever gotten that has truly paid for itself
1 love it - at the right price . i picked this up on a special promotion for ~ $ 20 , and for that price it is unbeatable . has held up for years of regular use and dishwasher cleaning . be sure to get some soft spatulas with your first non-stick pan purchase ...
1 so why did i absolutely love this pan ? . well , `` um '' my dad has my first calphalon pan . he stole it from me . ha , ha ... he loves it to cook my mom breakfast . so , i needed a new one . this pan has a triple-coated nonstick interior - nothing sticks , it just slips around . trust me , this is important when frying eggs . there is also a certain sound that seems to be unique to these pans . the food not only cooks well , it sounds good while it is cooking . yeah , that sounds strange , but you will see what i mean . these pans just have a touch of class to them that is unequalled . the tri-ply stainless construction includes an aluminum core . it is meticulously crafted and the pan sits flat and does n't move , even on the flat cooktops . the heat distribution is great . flared rim and sloped sides perfect for omelets or saut ing stay cool handle - very impressive , did n't even get warm 100 % dishwasher safe this pan is also oven safe to 450 degrees , however they do n't recommend you use this for broiler use as it will damage the nonstick surface of the pan . i was skeptical because on a flat cooking surface , many pans will actually start spinning . this pan just sat there and that was impressive . the base is completely flat and that is the beauty . you would be amazed at how many pans are not completely flat . covered by a lifetime warranty so they will repair or replace any item that is found to be defective . the nonstick calphalon cookware is a real favorite for frying because nothing sticks ! made this cook smile ! ~therebeccareview.com
1 great pan . we are replacing all our coated pans . this is a great pa
1 excellent product for whole grain bread and muffins . if you like to bake this is a nice product to have in your arsenal of tools . i bake whole grain muffins and breads every week and find this pan to be extremely useful . the breads that i have made released easily after they had cooled . i find it best to place this pan on a cooling rack for about an hour before removing the bread from the pans . if you do this it releases completely . if the bread is still warm when you try to remove it , it might not come out in one piece . i have found that it is best to put this pan on a half sheet pan prior to filling it with dough or batter . if you try to carry it to the oven without a pan underneath it , it is not very steady . if you do n't have other silicone bakeware you are unfamiliar with the nicest feature of this product . you can squish it up in a ball to store it , and bounces back to its original shape when you need it . my only complaint about this pan is that the bread does not brown as well on the bottom as sides as it does in a metal pan . but , being able to make 6 medium sized loaves at one time more than makes up for decrease in browning .
1 worth the $ $ ! even heat distribution and fabulous results . i 've made everything from braised short ribs to homemade mole in this and i can truly say it is fabulous . goes from stovetop to oven perfectly and retains heat better than any cookware i 've used . can not reccomend it highly enough
1 nice for small batches of sauces . worked very well when whipping up a roux . the heavy disc bottom did a good job of evenly distributing heat and did n't scorch . the rounded sides meant that i had no problem getting a whisk into the sides of the pan . cleaned up easily and looks really nice . whoever designed this stuff got the shape and materials right ; it is very aesthetically pleasing . the main downside is that at 1 quart , it is not as useful if you need to cook for more than 2-4 people . note to the person who had the pan discolor : simply sprinkle a little bit of `` barkeeper 's friend '' in the pan and rub with a damp sponge . i find this cleaner shines up all my stainless steel to like-new condition with no scrubbing or scratching . it also works to keep the copper banding looking shiny
1 perfect little kitchen helper . i bought a dozen of these from another retailer ( at half price ) and i love them ! they are perfect for everything that requires a small size container . i use the cups to beat two eggs , melt butter , heat up baby food ( never heat food in any plastic ) , to serve ketchup or other condiments , store a small amount of leftovers , etc . by using the appropriately sized cup , i save a lot of space in both the fridge and the dishwasher . i recommend these highly
1 this is my second set of pyrex custard cups ... ... and i do n't even make custard ! *lol* i just love these for small servings of ice cream , fruit , side dishes , etc . they are great with meals for anything that you do n't want to mix with the other foods on your plate . they are perfect for snacks and desserts . they are great for things such as pickles , olives , chopped onions , relish , dips , etc . on a casual buffet or picnic table . they also work well for pre-portioning ingredients when making a complicated recipe or allowing younger kids to cook with you . the typical pyrex glass which is thick and a bit heavy is perfect for my family because it holds up to less than gentle everyday use . i still want my children to learn to be careful with china and glassware , but i see no reason to be too 'precious ' about everday dishware
1 lovely little bowls for great price . ***** i bought two sets of four bowls to complement my nice set of everyday dishes for times when you want just a little bit of something -- -like a little yogurt , or some granola , some fresh raspberries -- -and we use them all the time . i agree with a previous reviewer that they would be wonderful for food prep . they are not thin , as a previous reviewer has noted . they are not thick or bulky either , though , just perfect . they seem like they will last a long time and wear quite well . they almost look , well ... elegant , which seems kind of cool for just pyrex and for the price . the bowls come well-packaged , and although the price is very low , they definitely do n't seem cheaply made . i have n't seen them in stores , either . great buy ! ****
1 pyrex baking cups ( 6 ) oz ) . these small cups come in handy for making custard , warming baby food and for individual servings of snacks , and food items , etc . delivery was prompt . they do n't seem to be available in the department stores or discount stores anymore so was delighted to find them on line . lynn martin in va
1 nearly perfect . lots of reviews already , so let 's not waste your time : pros : - easy to setup ( no waiting for charcoal or having to buy propane ) - easy to clean - practical . u can use it indoor/outdoor - no flames , so it 's quite hard to actually burn the food cons : - does n't cook the food 100 % evenly . noticed that the area around the thermostat is hotter . not by much though , but you can notice the grill marks on the food stronger when near the thermostat - does n't get really really hot . if you 're trying to cook brazilian style ( large chunk of meat ) , it might not work out . however , it 's great if you cut it into smaller chunks of meat . overall : i love this so much that some days i use this for lunch and for dinner . there are no pans to clean . only reason i do n't give 5 stars is because it 's not even throughout the whole plate .
1 perfect grill for the apartment dweller . this little grill is not so little , with a large grill surface , but it takes up so little space on my apartment 's patio - so it is perfect for those of us who only have a small patio or balcony . it is easy to use , easy to clean , and grills perfectly - no mess , no fuss .
1 love the plates but they arrived scratched . i 'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching . my persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched . i think next time i 'll order them as individual place settings as they were n't packed well . amazon will give me a 20 % discount for keeping them .
1 very nice , durable and attractive . i like this place setting color , but i have taken the advice of others and i use coffee filters between pieces for storage . it is a great place setting
1 great timer ! ! ! . i 've been using mine almost daily for cooking and/or laundry , and it is still running off the original battery after more than 6 months . the one small criticism that i have is that the buttons are too easily pushed , and i ca n't stick it in my pocket without stopping it or changing the setting somehow . other than that , it 's all good..
1 works well ; just what i was looking for . i bought this timer , because my husband wanted one similar to the one his mom had , with the big display and the simple , three-button operation . this particular timer was better priced than most i looked at , and i liked the extra large display . i have been very happy with it . the buttons do n't stick like other timers i have used . i like the way the memory feature works , and the bonus feature that it can count up is also nice
1 so far i am very pleased ! ! ! . had this on my amazon wish list , but then came across it for the same price at a target store and bought it ( sorry amazon ) . and i really am pleased so far . my toddler has allergies and his allergist had recommended an air purifier for his room . we did lots of research in looking for the right one that was still affordable . i really like that this one has washable filters . lots of $ $ $ savings there . since getting this , my son has had fewer runny noses and no severe allergy symptons . we 've even been able to drop two of his three allergy meds - - not sure yet though if this is due to the seasons , or perhaps we were possibly over-medicating him before , or if this thing really does work that kind of miracle . either way , fewer snotty noses makes me happy . in regard to the concerns over noise , this one is fairly quiet . i keep it on low pretty much all the time and it is hardly noticeable . my son has no problem sleeping with it running in the same room . the oscillating feature is nice and it has a small nightlight on it that comes in handy . i would definitely recommend the honeywell hfd 120 .
1 excellent little heater . i bought this heater three years ago based on the good reviews and cheap price . i expected it to get me through that winter only . i have used this thing just about daily for the past three years , heat in fall/winter and fan in summer . it still works quite well and seems ready for the upcoming winter . the only problem i am beginning to notice now is that the on/off/heat control wheel is starting to become loose . otherwise it does a great job for the intended task and has already lasted longer than anticipated . the thermostat on it is finicky and takes a little playing around with it to do basically what you want but the heat does cycle on/off more or less appropriately . i 'd give 5 stars if the thermostat was perfect but it is what it is and that is good enough . i just bought two more , my old one will go to the garage for duty there until it eventually fails . a good , solid product for a very good price
1 best $ 20 spent . best 20 $ i 've ever spent . it does have some flaws as stated previously in other reviews , the knobs are hard to read but i 've found that i use it so much that i really do n't need to be able to see it anymore . the thermometer seems stable , i never have a problem with it getting too hot in the winter , and it manages to heat my efficiency apartment very well . the cord is 'regular ' length so it 's not tiny and i do n't need an extension cord . over all on a students budget i 've definitely found a winner
1 great press and fantastic accessories ! . i 've had another press for many years , but i could n't get to it and had cravings for some spritz cookies . so ... i went out and bought this cookie press and to my amazement was very impressed with all the additional accessories it came with . the press worked beautifully ( i 've only used the small barrel so far . ) i was concerned that it was battery operated , my last one was a plug in model . but it is nice not to be limited to working near a plug . we had no problems with the unit , it worked quite nicely . i 'm looking forward to trying out some of the accessory attachments in the future . i would definitely recommend this press to anyone looking to buy a cookie press
1 great little percolator ! . works great ! makes small amounts of delicious coffee ! very handy
1 beautiful , but ... we have had this dinnerware for several years . it really is beautiful . however , it chips quite easily ( or maybe we are just a bit rough with 4 kids ! ) and so i find i have to buy some new ones each year so i have enough unchipped plates when company comes
1 so delish ! ! ! . this product works wonders ! i am big into making my own flavors , and making healthier than store bought versions . this machine is great for that ! it is n't loud at all , definately a big upgrade from the salt and ice mixer i used to have that could wake up the dead . the fact that you just pop your ingredients in the canister and stick it in is amazing , no messy clean up whatsoever , or need for trips to the store for ice/salt . the only slight disadvantage is that if you want to add toppings that spread throughout , you need to add it after its almost at icecream consistency and for that you have to pop off the top ( theres no slide window to add through while its mixing ) . but even doing that extra step is simple after 30 min 's of churning . soft ice cream definately never takes longer than 45 , usually 37-40 , and hard is about 45-48 min . buy it and enjoy ! !
1 not so much for the big mixers . this cloth cover is great and made from a very good material , but it does n't quite fit the 6 quart kitchenaid mixer it is a few inches short
1 great and cheap ! . great little item and we use it every week . wonderful with non-stick surfaces . i want another one
1 different pattern compared to usual correlle stuff . got damaged in shipping ... but amazon happily replaced with a new one..great cs amazon.thanks had to send back the broken one back to amazon
1 love this cabinet . ordered on june 4 and received on june 12 ( one day earlier than anticipated ) . was thrilled with the quality and even more with the fact that it comes fully assembled except for the adjustable shelves which are a snap to put in . nice looking cabinet and i may order another one at a later date . could n't be happier with the product and with the servic
1 almost perfect . i have used other egg cookers before , i like this one , but i am having to guess on the amount of water to get thew right soft boiled eggs . mine keep coming out almost hard boiled even though i use the soft boiled marks .
1 useful knife . we have had this knife for about 5 months now , and we use it daily ; anything from peeling and dicing fruit , to slivering a potato . it has a nice solid feel to it , and it has a remarkably sharp blade , which has held an edge very well . the curved blade makes it a bit of a challenge to hone
1 awesome bargain . this knife has a great balance in your hand , good quality stainless steel , easy to sharpen and clean , as well as a comfy grip handle
1 love it . excellent product for the value . i was hesitant to purchase china via internet or mail , but the china arrived in perfect condition , and is beautiful and timeless . thank you .
1 pretty tea pot . darling tea pot . beautiful colors ! serves several people . just lovely
1 assembly and looks . the table comes unassembled , but assembly is easy . you will need a large phillips and medium sized phillips screwdrivers . also the supports on the side for the top will need to be driven on using a hammer , or large chunk of scrap wood . the fit on mine was too tight to be simply slid on . construction is the cam type that is popular now . all pieces are adequately labled , and small hardware comes nicely packaged ; the most convenient i have ever seen . there is an error in the assembly documentation . there are two pieces ( 1b and 1c , the table sides ) which are as far as i can tell are identical . after hardware is installed as indicated on pabe 6 of 13 there is a difference . the two sides are mirror images . on the following page part 1c is shown but labled 1b . this error did not cause me a problem during assembly . the intent was clear to me . the looks are good . it looks a little clunky to achieve an excellent rating from me . a little milling would help a lot on the drawer face
1 never scorch a custard . we 've gotten into homemade custard-based ice cream and that means careful stirring to make sure nothing sticks to the bottom of the pot . the design of the working end of the whisk allows the head to reach every bit of the pot but without my having to twist my stirring arm into a knot . since the head is hinged , it lies flat in a drawer which is a good thing , too
1 stylish tea kettle . this kettle is very stylish with modern detailing . the removable whistle and stay-cool handle are added pluses . its smooth lines make it very easy to clean , and its contemporary shape makes it especially attractive
1 stainless steel is the best . i love this tea kettle . it not only looks great but is of heavy duty construction unlike those $ 10 aluminum throw-aways . since i am only an occasional tea drinker , i tend to leave water in the kettle and move it to hot burners when cooling ( i have cast iron elements/electric oven so burners stay hot for awhile after use ) . other tea kettles create rusty water , since water remains in the kettle . not this one ! it boils water rapidly and is great looking on the stove . my handle does not get hot and , like i said , i have cast iron elements which really heat up and remain hot . i do agree that you can not take the whistle off without an oven mit . that 's the only flaw ; they should have made the whistle heat resistant like the handle
1 talk about non-stick ! ! ! . i add lots of cheese to my pizzas and it tends to get all over the pan . with other pans , the cheese sticks and i have to pry the pizza off with a spatula . but not this one ! ! it just slides right off with one shake . my party pizzas come out crisp and heated evenly . also , i have cut my pizzas on this pan and there was barely a scratch on it . very heavyweight with no warping . what a buy !
1 cool heater . the heater is great . if it had a timer it would be even greater . however , it serves the intended purpose well . the `` cool to the touch '' feature is perfect since i have a toddler . i never leave it unattended but it 's nice to know that if the baby somehow gets close to it there wo n't be a diaster
1 best sheets ever . they were a little stiff when first opened , but that is to be expected . after just two washings with fabric softener and a couple extra dryer sheets , i fell in love with them . i am now so protective of my sheets , not allowing my husband or children anywhere near them with dirty hands or food ! i am going to get an extra set just in case something happens to this set . i would highly recommend buying these and i am very picky
1 pyrex is always good ! . there is no guess work with a name brand like pyrex , you know your gon na get quality
1 it does n't get any better . heavy-duty without being too heavy for a fairly weak cook to shift about . easy to clean , both inside and out . one expects easy cleaning of non-stick interior , but the stainless steel outside comes clean with nothing more than hot , soapy water . the thick aluminum exterior bottom spreads heat evenly . i am impressed by the non-stick coating that seems impervious to ordinary wear , but will reserve judgment on that point for the one-year anniversary of my purchase
1 a great little yogurt maker ! . i 've had this yogurt maker for about six months now and have been very pleased with the results . i heat up the milk in my microwave ( recording the times in my owner 's manual so i always know just what to do ) and my total hands-on time is only about five minutes from start to finish . to those who are disappointed that your yogurt may not be as thick as commercial yogurt , please remember that most brands add gelatin as a thickener , so naturally your yogurt would n't be that thick
1 great suction , but could be lighter . its amazing how much dirt this little baby sucked off our couch and upholstry . the ability to make the suction head vertical is quite helpful . the vaccum cleaner is a bit on the heavy side though - if it had been a little lighter , i would have given it 5 stars
1 i love this pan . i love this pan and size . i was n't going to buy this pan at first , cause it was the `` simply '' , but i 'm not sorry at all ... i have alot of calphalon commercial ( at least 20 ) , and yes it 's thicker , but i think this cooks very well . being that this is abit lighter , i find when its filled up , its heavy enough for me , and easyier to handle . the price is also alot less then the calphalon commercial . since you most likely would not use this pan everyday , i would think you would not need a lifetime warentee like the commercial gives you , if you use it the right way . i have sauted hamburger meat , onions , peppers ect . emptyed the fat off , added sauses , and continued cooking everything together , then puting this into the oven to finish it off.. never a problem . i have used this for making large egg omelets , the cheese has never stuck . use it for fryed potatoes with low fat cheese , and i do n't need to use alot of oil , the nonstick works fine . i have used this for sauteing pasta with sauses.. this is a large size , so you can put alot into this and have left overs . you can make pancakes , frenched toast , i would think anything you want.. i guess what i 'm saying is , you can use this size for anything . i do have the calphalon commercial double gridle , but if you do n't have room for all the peices that i have , this can cover alot . i have found this to cook even , and you do n't need to turn your stove on high . this lid seems to fit fine , and its a bit domed . i do n't have a problem with it . the sides are stright up , and seems high enough . lots of flat space in the bottom . mine is also made in ohio , not japan , but you never know with some peices of calphalon lately ! ! this washes very easy . never put any calphalon into the dishwasher , altho this lid you could put into the dishwasher ( i do n't tho ) i would buy this again ... i only paid $ 42.00 for this , so i did buy two of them , one for a gift . i do n't understand amazon 's priceing , as sometimes the calphalon commercial can be less money ! ! so i would say , take the time and check out your other options , as the calphalon commercial has more layers of nonstick and is a higher quality , but do n't let that scare you off from buying this one
1 the best can opener . cuisinart dco-24 die cast is the best can opener . i 've owned mine for a year , and love it ! if i could give it 10 stars i would .
1 great price , great product ! ! ! . i was expecting some of the dinnerware to be broken in transit and was shocked when i opened it up . everything was intact , nothing broken to include the 4 drinking glasses . this dinnerware is excellent ! the pattern is simple and is extremely easy to clean . i think everyone should have this set in their kitchen . :
1 unbeatable price , very good quality . i figured `` what the heck '' on this comforter . similar products at major brick and mortar retailers cost upwards of $ 100 . my wife and i have been using it for several months now and are both extremely happy with the quality . it is soft enough to sleep under without a flat sheet or to drape over ourselves while watching a movie on the couch . excellent purchase
1 yummy ice cream . i had tried a different ice cream maker that you had to freeze the bowl and returned it . it was too annoying to keep freezing the bowl and it took up too much space in my freezer . i love the cuisinaret ice-50bc it makes great ice cream . the only negative is the noise and that 's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . it is extremely noisy so i pretty much have to leave the room when it 's on . i do recommend the ben and jerry 's ice cream book but wish they would revise it or do another one . see my review on it
1 i am crazy about this vacuum ! ! . after my pregnancy , i was diagnosed with severe cat and dust allergies . i had two cats at the time . and dust ? well , alot of that . i can not believe how well this vacuum works . i no longer have hives and have n't had any allergic reactions since purchasing this . worth every penny
1 good old fashoined toaster . i have always missed my old toastter of yesteryear ... .this is as close as it gets -- with some good updates==i lever that pushes up the toast so you do n't have to dig in -- -fantastic toast ... .
1 excellent toaster ! . if you want the retro look and a super toaster ... ..this is the one for you . toasts perfectly and looks great ! i 've had it about 4 months with no problems whatsoever
1 no kitchen should be without . this is by far the nicest omelet pan ever . super easy cleanup too ! i love the way it stands up to high heat and still comes clean
1 so far so good . what i like : quantity of beans you can grind before dumping the container , ease of operation what i do n't like : sort of messy , but this just comes with the whole process of grinding , regardless of brand , hole that ground beans comes out needs cleaning every time overall this grinder has been a good buy and i have enjoyed it so much more than my old blade grinder .
1 excellent pan and lifetime guarantee -- excellent buy ! . i have a set of 16-year-old farberware . i ordered this 3 qt . pan as a replacement -- the handle on my old 3 qt . cracked from where the screw hole is . after i received this beautiful pan , i noticed the limited lifetime guarantee , called the number , and a new handle for my old pan is in the mail to me as we speak . this 3 qt . pan is even nicer than the pans i bought almost 20 years ago and is higher than the old model with a nicer lid/rolled edges and nicer bottom -- and it really is beautiful -- very classic styling . since i use them so often and new one 's so lovely , i will definitely keep the new one even though a replacement handle is on its way . i also have a 1 qt. , 2 qt. , 4 qt . pot , 4 qt . dutch oven , 10 '' skillet and little mini-skillet , all of which i use all the time ( i use at least one or more daily ) with no problems . very nice , basic cookware at a reasonable , affordable price . i bought my cookware individually back when i could n't afford to buy an entire set . i loved the fact that you could buy a quality pan individually . btw , i acquired one of my 4 qt . pots from my grandmother 's possessions after who knows how many decades of cooking and it 's still in excellent condition . also have her double boiler pot . even though the screws do loosen , i only have to tighten every few months at most and have never had a screw strip or lost a handle . i would always buy another farberware if needed ( after seeing this new saucepan , would really like to buy a whole set of it , even though i do n't really need it !
1 great . we are very happy with the knives we 've purchased . they are really sharp and do well in the dishwasher
1 excellent value for non professionals . i have been extremely happy with this set of knives , and for only $ 40 i believe them to be an excellent value . the blades are sharp and well constructed , and the handles are comfortable and seem durable . the set only comes with two long knives , so you may find yourself washing them while cooking , but we like to use the steak knives for chopping smaller vegetables or trimming meat and have thus rarely found that we are short on knives while cooking . if you 're looking to do professional work , these knives probably wo n't fit your needs , but for an average cook , we use them a lot and have n't found anything they ca n't handle . plus , you are getting the set for about $ 3 per knife , and these knives would run at least $ 10 to $ 15 each if purchased individually or at a local retailer .
1 quick and easy . rack stores easily , sets up quickly and provides drying space for double batch of noodles , spag , etc
1 everyone should have one ! ! ! . this is the second microplane grater that i have purchased ( actually i purchased the extra coarse version ) , but the only 1 of the 2 that i would give a 5* rating to . the other grater was from the standard line not the professional line . with many kitchen items there are no significant differences between the two , but in this case it definitely matters ! all microplane graters use the same basic technology for cutting -- technology which was originally developed for the woodworking industry but that has adapted for exceptional service in the kitchen as well . the razor sharp laser cut grating head will make quick and easy work of cheese grating or citrus zesting ( if you have the proper size ) . i would suggest when choosing a size of grater that you choose 1 size larger as the sizing tends to run on the small size . now , what makes the professional so much better ? well , the standard line has 3 major/minor flaws : 1 ) the easy-grip rubber handle tends to capture water when washed , 2 ) the plastic molded frame holding the grating surface cracks when washed in the dishwasher , and 3 ) the head is so incredibly sharp that it must be kept covered , yet there is no easy way to due this except for the original tagboard cover . the professional version fixes all of these issues . as you can see , the frame and handle are all stainless steel which eliminates issues # 1 and # 2 and the professional version comes with a nice snap-on plastic cover to protect the sharp head surface . in addition , the rubberized rest on the top of this version can come in very handy . end result : highly recommended
1 recommended . i make homemade stocks a lot , so having a good separater that can handle a large quantity is really useful . this one works well , and thanks to its design , it cleans up easily in the dishwasher . i have another one with a very thin spout and i have to wash it by hand if i let it sit at all after using it because the dishwasher jets ca n't seem to get into its narrow opening ; it 's a real pain . i do not have that problem with this design . to answer another reviewers ' question on plasic vs. glass separaters -- i had a glass one and it broke despite being touted as heat resistant glass . when i poured hot gravy into it last thanksgiving , the glass went flying everywhere as it broke right in my hand ! admittedly , that was an older one and perhaps the newer glass versions are more rugged when it comes to heat . but i just do n't have that worry using a plastic one . i 'm not an industrial designer , but given the way that plastic is made at exceptionally high heat , i am not aware of any health implications regarding pouring warm liquids into plastic
1 wonderful ! . my sister , my best friend and i bought these chairs for a 5 day outdoors concert series . these chairs were amazing . they managed to last through rain , mud , 80 per hour winds , and even a tornado ! ( they still look great ) these chairs were so comfortable and so easy to adjust because of the beans , i would recommend them to everyone..and at their price , it 's a huge deal !
1 rowenta dz 9080 . this iron is a technological marvel . i have just had it for a few days and i have ironed some very difficult , over 100 year , heirloom open-embroidered linen . it was a breeze and the results were truly professional . the controlls are easy to use , the steam settings excellent . it just glides over those diffucult spots . it may be a little pricey , but it is worth every penny . this is an ideal tool for anyone who sews on home fabrics . the upright steam feature is a plus . i was concerned about the weight , but the iron glides so effortlesly that you do not notice the weight .
1 petmate . this product is extremely quiet . my cat loves it and its great because it encourages her to drink more
1 serta 200-thread-count california king luxury mattress pad . very pleased to get this item - i need it for my `` king-size '' watrbed mattress , which has california king dimensions . unable to find this size locally . this one fitted really well , had enough depth to stretch around the waterbed mattress . quality seems good
1 it really does fit . i was a little dubious about this item . some of the reviews indicated that it did not really have deep pockets . well , i can tell you that it does . my mattress is a pillow-top measuring in at 16 inches and this mattress pad accomodates it perfectly . so , do not believe the nay-sayers ; for the price this is a bargain which should not be passed up
1 best waffle maker ... ever . this is in my opinion the best waffle iron you can purchase for home use . there might be a better $ 600 waffle iron out there , but this is far and away and excellent product . although i do feel that it 's a little flimsy to be called a `` professional '' product , and seeing as how i 've worked in the food industry my whole life , i feel validated in saying that . however , i have used it for a while now , and i have thoroughly enjoyed it . from soft to crisp waffles in a short amount of time , any easy to use and clean . my ony complaint is that it 's rather large for the size of my kitchen . excellent waffles ! thick and golden , like in the user submitted photos . i 've never had waffles so good , not even in a restaurant . the true belgian waffle recipes do take a bit of patience and know-how , but they 're worth the effort . i read some complaints about the timing mechanism , but i find it to be spot on for the most part . its worth the money
1 we love this ! . ok ... the only thing domestic about me is that i live in a house . cooking is a necessary evil . this waffle maker is the best ! we love staying at hotels w/breakfast bars just so we can use the waffle makers ! two things i have noticed about this appliance ... i have 3 kids and a husband that all love the waffles , so when we use it i am making a lot of waffles . if it starts to appear the waffles are getting more crisp , dial down the heat setting one less than what you are currently set on . we start out with a `` 4 '' setting . i am in the habit of spritzing the grids every time we bake a waffle . if you miss between , the waffles do n't stick , but it is apparent they do n't slip right out as easy . i have found that a butter flavored cooking spray gives the waffle more of a `` restaurant '' taste . we use the box batters ... there is no way in hell i would take the time to make the book mix ... lol . i 've used more expensive mixes to store brand mixes ( $ 1.99/box ) and they all bake up great . my mom has the same unit and she pretty much echos everything i have said . they will make extras and freeze them . we never have extras at our house -- lol ! i have decided to keep my waffler out on the counter , it looks very sleek next to my beautiful staninless kitchenaid mixer , stainless rice cooker and stainless coffee maker . and , i admit it , i throw all the mix into the mixer and let the mixer do the job for me . clean up is a snap and we have enjoyed having this appliance . be sure to hand wash the batter cup if you do n't want the writing to come off . i have scratched mine with an ice pick to show the proper level . also , i have a small spatula on hand i use to spread the thicker mixes around ( quickly ) if need be . i also hand wash the tray and just let air dry and wipe up the unit after each use . i just ca n't justify taking the entire family out to breakfast for $ 30-40 when we can make all the goodies at home . we are also planning a suprise waffle bake for my son 's teacher at school for his birthday with my waffler . i will just pre-mix a ton of batter . we have a family friend who we owe a belated wedding gift to and this is what we are going to get them . i know they will enjoy it too . happy cooking
1 this is a great pan . i love the design , and it makes great cake . everything is evenly browned . thanks nordicware
1 color is odd but it works fine . the black plastic looks a little odd . it 's not glossy like the picture . it does n't look really clean even after you clean it is the only way i can discribe it . i bought 2 of these for the office to replace our old ones because we burnt a pop tart and the rest of the building was less that thrilled that the fire department had to respond . this one is suppose to shut down if something gets stuck in it . good idea . but , the instructions still say not to cook pop tarts unattended anyway . now they tell us . there is a toaster with a pop tart logo , the toastmaster 2035 . if you want a laugh , read the review for that one . bottom line , for the money , this toaster works great . i like the lift feature a lot . but , i 'd buy the white next time
1 you 're not buying a designer piece here ... yes , it 's rather uncomely - it 's outer casing is obviously plastic and , ours at least , does n't have that same sheen as the example . it does look cheap . that being said , it 's a very functional toaster . we 've had no problems in six+ months with variability - we know what we 're going to get when we drop the lever . the plastic exterior does stay cool . so cool , in fact , that i promise you , you will forget normal toaster safety and burn yourself on the small exposed metal at the top . yep , this is a great toatser for someone who wants a functioning toaster and does n't mind that it 's an ugly duckling . an excellent value for the money
1 great set of dishes . if you have a large dishwasher these are wonderful dishes , they are not only beautiful , but sturdy , and i was so impressed to see that they had a one year break and chip warrenty with them . anyway they are wonderful and we love them .
1 a good machine for the home . this is a great food slicer for the home kitchen , ( dont compare apples with oranges , this isnt a commercial slicer , but it wasnt advertised as one either ) it works great for anything from bacon to tomatos . it has a powerfull motor and a very sharp blade with infinite thinkness adjustments up to a 1/2 and quot ; , easy to clean and very well built . if you want a good slicer for home use you 'll be happy with a waring food slicer
1 couldnt ask for better . i totally love these pans ... next go round i would definately order more of the same , , as i am hard on frying pans , and love these immensel
1 nice set , but ... . i had bought the larger set in blue and ordered these pans in blue as well . thinking that they would match the pieces i already owned , i was quite disappointed when i received black instead of the blue i ordered . i returned them and amazon replaced them with another set of black pans . i decided to keep them but am quite upset , with my only alternative being to return them for credit . keep in mind that these are not the heavy stainless steel , but the lighter weight aluminum . you will not be able to mistreat these pans by turning the flame up on full . to do so will cause the pans to warp . the advantage to these pans is that they are lightweight and easy to handle . i definitely recommend them . as with all teflon coated pans , be sure to use the plastic utensils and never use any metal spoons or turners or you will ruin the teflon surface . with a little care these will last for years ! tip : if you 're having trouble with the bottom of your pots and pans getting a scorched or burnt look , it 's from grease . when you wash your pans , make sure all the grease is cleaned off of the outside bottom of the pans
1 engineer , not a baker . i bought one of these muffin pans because i was excited at the prospect of owning a piece of bakeware whose lining was n't destroyed by the 3rd time i wanted to use it . for that alone , i would give this item 5 stars . i am not an experienced baker , but i think that after reading the other review for this item that more balanced comments need to be stated regarding the actual use of this muffin pan . so here are my comments : 1 . you need to use a cookie sheet ( or something similar ) to support the pan since it is flexible . 2 . the muffins cook faster than with a metal pan . 3 . the muffins seem small if you fill the cups as you would with a metal muffin pan - you can actually fill them up all the way . ( recall that i am not an experienced baker ; as an engineer i suspect that since the muffins cook differently , i.e . faster , this could be compensated by adjusting the batter in some manner . as far i 'm concerned as long as the muffins taste good , it does n't matter to me . ) 4 . the coating is not exactly non-stick . you do not need to grease the pan , but you do need to be careful when it comes time to remove the muffins . i use the dull side of table knife to separate the muffin sides from the pan ( while gently pulling the pan ) . after doing that i put a plate on top of the muffin pan and hold it against the pan as i invert the pan . all i have to do then is tap the bottoms of the muffin cups to get them out . by my third time doing this i was able to get them all out intact and unscathed . i am very happy with my muffin pan - it might take a little bit of getting used to for someone used to other pans - but for me , the benefit of not having a cheap non-stick coating peeling off of the metal after a year more than compensates for a slight learning curve on the use
1 very pleased . i purchased this item in aug . i cleaned the entire house and it worked wonderful . it was easy to put together and very easy to clean up when finished . i give this item a 5 star .
1 does everything ! . not much you would need a food processor for after you buy this ( ok , it ca n't blend ingredients
1 squeezes out the competition . i bought the omega 8002 juicer on the recommendation of dr. joseph mercola , a holistic health md who has a popular newsletter and website . we met him at a health fair , tried vegetable juices ( including wheatgrass juice ) and realized that juicing was a great way to incorporate more vegetables into our diet . i mean , how much broccoli and salad can one person pound down in a day ? not so much . the omega 8002 is a single gear machine that turns at a low 80 rpms , a powerful , slow auger that does n't heat up the food or cause the juice to foam . this protects the nutritional content of the juice from degradation . in addition , it is `` multifunctional '' -- the juicer can also be employed to make baby food , meat pate , nut butter , or fine ground coffee . the machine is durable , said to be quiet , and has a 10-year guarantee . sounds good , so we plunked down the cash and got the omega juicer and set to work . so , how is it to use the omega ? well , it 's easy to put together , though there are quite a few parts and choices to make . essentially , the steps are : 1 . install the screw drive -- the big green plastic spiral , into the plastic housing . 2 . pop a juicing cone ( a type of sieve ) over the screw so it sits into the housing around the screw . this takes a bit of jockeying , but it drops in just fine . 3 . screw on the end cap and nozzle . 4 . mount this housing onto the front of the juicer motor . 5 . add the food platform on top of the feed tube on the housing . 6 . put the two receiving pitchers underneath the housing ; one for the pulp , one for the juice . now it 's ready to start juicing . 1 . cut up your vegetables into strips or pieces that will fit the 1.5 inch diameter of the feed tube . this means if you juice carrots , those tasty large ones need to be halved or quartered lengthwise . 2 . turn on the motor : it has a forward direction to drive the food out , and a reverse setting on the toggle switch to move the food back in case of a clog . i 've never needed to do this . 3 . push down the vegetables or other foods with the plunger which is included with the juicer . the food feeds along the screw , is broken up , and the juice is forced through the sieve ( cone . ) out the nozzle comes the pulp . the juice flows out underneath , nearer to the motor . 4 . when you are finished , turn off the motor , which is quite quiet -- nothing like a blender or vacuum cleaner . more like the sound of a pasta maker or food processor , for comparison . dismantle the machine and wash the parts . a big bottle brush is included for this , very helpful . 5 . cleanup takes about 2-3 minutes and is mainly rinsing . the worse job is the sieve of the cone and even that does n't take but a moment to swab off some pulp that clings to it . i do this asap , as i sip my juice , because letting pulp dry on the machine makes it hard to clean . i then reassemble it right then and there , and it 's ready to go again . the omega juices kale , which is a rather tough leafy dark green form of cabbage . we now can do wheatgrass , once we grow some or find a source of flats of it . just for grins , i tried the blank cone and did some meat grinding . it makes a fine grind -- not something you 'd use for hamburger . it would work for soft , somewhat grainy baby food or pate . i did not try making pasta . how does it compare to spinning cup type models , like the braun which we previously used for juicing ? 1 . the spinning cup model ( braun ) is loud , really loud . this is because the cup spins at a high speed and whines as a result . this is typical for the cup-type juicer . sounds like a blender . 2 . the cup model can not juice wheatgrass -- the tender stalks of growing wheat or barley that have a lot of antioxidants . it also ca n't do tough leafy vegetables such as kale . 3 . the cup model definitely does not extract as much juice from the vegetables and fruits as compared to the omega . the pulp in the cup model is a wet slurry . the pulp from the omega , by contrast , is like slightly moistened sawdust -- definitely drier . in summary , the omega juicer , while pricier than the typical spinning cup models , is quiet and effective . it gives you the ability to juice and grind things the spinning cup ca n't handle , like wheatgrass and if you want , meat . it extracts more juice -- and at the prices for produce these days , especially if you buy organic produce , this is an important benefit . the juicer is relatively easy to clean and to assemble and use . if you are really serious about drinking vegetable juice or making fresh fruit juices and baby foods , i would say , this is a model to strongly consider over others . the performance and added functionality well repay the higher price
1 hands down this beats other manufactors . perhaps like you , i love silicone . you can do anything with silicone . you can fry , poach , make soups , and there is never a worry about heat . le crueset makes fine quality silicone utensils , but their wood is unfinished , so unless you keep them oiled , they will age and spilter . these you can remove the top if you like but the wooden handles are treated , and are water resistant . in addition to these being made for the long hall , their shape is unique . i like that the shape is slightly angled , this makes it easier to run along the edges of a bowl . i have been so happy with my purchase of these ! i ca n't say enough good things about them . i would recommend these over other manufactors , they are better made , and improve in others weaker areas . a must have for your kitchen
1 good but mine came off-color . love the functionality - being able to separate for different uses esp . meat and that they flex to enable direct frop into the pan . but mine came off color ( sorta transparent ) at the corners ( and this was n't a deisgn feaure since there was no pattern in all the four sheets ) but still good value - not worth exchanging so i kept them . i guess mine look unique
1 one of my 3 ca n't do without kitchen items ! ! ! . i 've had 2 sets of these simple but marvelous mats so far , not only the handiest thing i 've bought for my kitchen , but friends keep talking me into giving them one . i only need one or two but one is always on my countertop for various uses the past few years . i 'm a senior lady and disabled , and my time standing in the kitchen is limited so i hate cleaning up messes , picking up dropped stuff on the floor , sterilizing unweildy wood or plastic cutting boards . mainly love the ease of chopping or slicing vegies on it , folding it over like a funnel and dumping right into a salad bowl or a pan with no spills , or vegies onto another ca n't do without item , faithful george foreman grill , beside my meat entree . top down , vegies and meat dinner in 4 minutes . so simple to just put under the faucet and run hot water over it , or wipe with a little bleach on a sponge . very few knife marks on mine , but i do n't like super sharp knives , and if i seldom have to cut meat i use a scissors and wax paper on the mat to then wrap and freeze pieces . i buy boneless skinless chicken or pork or sirloin chops . the grill gets a once over with a damp paper towel . so simple and time saver , not like cuts on a wooden board which is most unsanitary . beyond a slicing surface , great for placing cannisters on to fill with coffee or sugar , salt shakers , or stuff i seem to always have to spill some , shakey hands at 70 . just roll it up , shake in the trash or sink disposal , rinse if necessary and reuse , keeps counter clean and free of stains . i put hot or cold things on it to protect the formica , made a few stains with coffee but cleans with bleach ok , not ruining my counter top . they wear well but at the price , and the work they save they can be tossed for another new one . best features are flexible enough to roll and empty , easy cleanup forget the broom , and no storage problem in my cramped space - stack them on the counter and peel top one off for next job . besides these mats and the elec non stick grill , my micro rice steamer is the third cdw to make food preparation easier than ever in my life . if i spill dry rice filling it , roll and dump in the cooker . i am not kitchen friendly , want to spend as little time on my feet as possible , hate to cook , hate cleaning up , dinner in 6 minutes and i 'm done . so glad to see these are on the web , had a hard time finding more in stores when i want to gift someone . if you want the job done clean and fast , tired of bending picking up rollaway strays off the floor ( or always between stove and counter narrow space ) buy these for a staple in a kitchen , especially for seniors - i 've no dishwasher nor disposal i might add . why in the world would one need a cutting board heat resistant ? not for oven or stovetop use . for glue guns and crafts which i also do , put a piece of wax paper over your extra mat if you want to protect a table top , i use one on my desk and serves as a coaster too . i did n't even know about the silicone part , who cares . just ca n't rave enough over these . saves work , saves time
1 kitchenaid food processor . looks good works even better nice storage case for attachment
1 very good machine ... enjoy the quietness . i 've had this processor for about three months . on the first day , i decided to make bread , and the dough blade suddenly stuck to the machine . when i called customer service to help me figure out what i did wrong , they told me that occasionally , this processor 's dough blade fuses to the machine . i could n't even get the containers removed to pack up because everything was stuck together . fortunately , the customer service rep was really nice and sent out a new one immediately . i received my second new processor , and tried to make cookies . this time , everything worked fine , and the machine is quiet . i can even talk on the phone when using this food processor . i 'm just glad that they exchanged the first one so quickly
1 use it in pans . nay more than just a jar catcher , use it to scramble egges . with cheese etc ... ... ... ... ...
1 the new kitchen . the solid contruction and well machined lids make these a joy to use . we did n't want high maint . type of cookware just a high quality , easy to use and maintain product that looks good on the pot racks but cooks well every day . boy we are impressed ! these cook with even heat and the only negative found was that the lids fit so well you have remember to take them off befor the dish cools or a vacume can form inside requiring reheat to remove the lid . they are easy to clean and a dream to handle
1 this beast really cooks ... . this monstrous beast is the largest piece of cookware that we own . once i manage to wrangle it out from the cupboard and heft it onto the stove , it 's many uses range from cooking chickens , small turkeys , and roasts to making potato leek soup . the beautiful thing is that it really retains heat and cooks items thoroughly and evenly . the downside is that it can take a while to heat up , especially since it should heat up on a med-low setting so as not to burn items and/or damage the porcelain . learned this the hard way by turning up my soup to med-hi in order to get it boiling more quickly ( doh ! ) . now that we know how to properly use this type of cookware , we are enjoying it much more ! another clever use of this piece is to incorporate it into your weight lifting routine ( did i mention this thing is very very heavy ? ) . now that we have tried the largest , we have begun collecting some of the smaller pots and really enjoying them
1 you get what you pay for ... so cliche ... but i am forced to learn this lesson over and over . i thought to myself $ 100 for a rice cooker , and bought a $ 20 one in chinatown . it gave me nothing but trouble ... soggy rice , sometimes burned at the bottom , et cetera ... with a friend 's suggestion , i made the switch ... i decided to invest in this zojirushi rice cooker and it has been coming out right everytime . you wo n't be disappointed
1 popping good ! . this is the best hot air corn popper i 've ever had . i can count on one hand the unpopped kernels in a batch . highly recommended
1 great popcorn ! . i have never had a popcorn maker before and i love it ! i did n't think that it would be any different but its great ! it so much healthier since there is no oil used . it is fast and not messy at all . its cheaper in the long run to becasue a small amount goes a long way . you can buy a large jar of popcorn for about $ 5 and its makes alot ! the only reason i gave it a 4 is becasue i vought this particular one due to the butter melter . even when i use soft butter it does not melt all they way . i just melt it in the microwave while its popping . not a big deal though , i 'd buy this maker again
1 works great ; healthier and cheaper than microwave popcorn . it works great , it 's healthier than microwave popcorn , and in the long run it 's cheaper too . pour in half a cup of kernels , plug it in , and within a couple minutes you 've got a bowl full of fresh popcorn with only a few unpopped kernels and virtually no cleanup . it 's not much louder than most microwave ovens and it 's far less likely to burn the popcorn . only one minor complaint : butter does n't really melt completely in the cup on top ( make sure you have melted butter ready to go if you want it ) . an on/off switch might 've been nice but that 's not a big deal unless you want to keep it on your countertop permanently . oh and this product is identical to the presto poplite ( asin : b00006iuwa ) just with a different label ( it even says so in the description above ) , but you get a coupon for 50 cents off orville 's with this one
1 the real deal . there are all kinds of similar products that claim to be heat resistant to this or that temp . all i can say is these spatulas are the real deal when it comes to heat resistance and at a great price . i only wish there were a 3rd somewhat smaller blade . however , you ca n't go wrong with these first two sizes .
1 great sheets ! . i was originally looking for silk sheets but not the silk sheet price tag . i 'm so glad i bought these sheets instead . they are comfy , warm and very smooth to the touch . they fit my 14 '' mattress with ease . i 've had them about 2 months now and there are only a few drawbacks that i 've noticed ... they take _forever_ to dry in my dryer and they might need ironing once dry'ish . overall , not worth 600 but if you can catch them on sale you 'll be very pleased with the results
1 the best money i 've ever spent ! . my husband has allergies to cat dander , and we have 4 indoor cats . we finally broke down and paid $ 500+ for this vacuum and replaced our old bag vacuum . i must say , this thing is amazing ! i can not say enough good things about this vacuum . the first time we used it in our living room , we emptied the canister 3 times ! and i had just vacuumed with my old vacuum the day before.. it is amazing what this machine picks up that other vacuums leave behind . i could find no flaws with this product , other than it would be nice if it were cheaper . :
1 i 've sworn off stoneware ! . although i love the patterns and heft of my 2 collections of stoneware , i got very tired of having them chipped and broken by the less `` careful '' members of my family . although i 've had two sets of corelle before , and never had any problems with it , i never saw patterns that i could live with for very long . i 've gone back to corelle , and i think this is it for me . true , the plates are very light , but they are so damage resistant -- and i can use this pattern for any season
1 almost looks like fine china . you could almost use these incredibly practical and beautiful dishes in place of fine china . however , if you look too closely at the ivy print , you 'll notice that the `` ink dots '' are rather large ... more like a coarse newspaper photo print than the printed pictures in most magazines . if only they had printed these with higher quality..
1 best knife ever , worth $ 50 , costs 10 . i 've had this knife for years , use it for everything and could n't be happier . i thought it would dull easily or wear down , after all it 's only $ 10 , but i was wrong . simply fantastic for cutting bread , but also useful for vegetables and other tasks . the only thing it does n't cut well is meat
1 excellent . i love this breadmaker ! it is so easy to use and makes delicious loaves of bread . it does n't take up a lot of space in the kitchen and all of my roommates love using it too . super awesome
1 nice large size kettle . i purchased this for my mom . her main criteria being a large size kettle . she reports that she `` loves it '' and that it heats up very quickly
1 size does matter ! . these cup are enormous ! ( not to mention beautiful , in that fun and elegant way that only fiestaware can be . ) i was looking for a very large , oversized mug because i drink a lot of coffee and tea and am sick of having to refill constantly . i definately got my wish . i have eaten soup and cereal out of these , i even used them to serve coffee ice cream recently . very cute ! i plan on getting them in all of the six colors i have in fiestaware . let me tell you again , this cup is huge
1 fabulous pans . i received a blue set for christmas and i love them . the stay cool handles really stay cool , even if you are cooking something for a long time . they are beautiful and iloev the way they feel . my caphalon pans are now collecting dust in the back of the cupboard becuase i like these so much more
1 a pan for all seasons . the farberware millennium soft touch stainless-steel 12-inch nonstick skillet is great for almost any cooking .
1 my guilty pleasure ! . i am so in love with my new machine . many thanks to all the reviewers who made my long search for the perfect espresso machine become a reality . i received my machine really quickly and that 's saying something for someone who loves immediate gratification . speaking of gratification , i could not be happier with my choice of an automatic espresso machine . all the reviews are true . it 's perfect , once you read the instructions or perhaps do as i did , get a walk-thru from the wonderful folks at delonghi customer support , you will be up and running in no time . you can see that the machine is solidly constructed and with proper care ( read the instructions ) will last a very long time . the espressos i 've made so far are supreme , even my 14 year old loved a weak one i made for him ; and it 's so easy after set-up to use . it could not be any simpler . who would not love this machine ? there was one website that was charging $ 1200 for the same machine . i could not believe my eyes . the only review that troubled me was the one who said the frother was somehow not adequate due to it not swinging far enough away from the machine . i really could not see what he was talking about . it has plenty of room for any size cup but you have to remember if you are into the foam ( it makes very creamy foam ) it will increase the volume 2-3 times so you need a large enough container to froth the milk . but there was no awkwardness or problem at all with using the frother . they had me worried when i read that but the frother does its thing with total ease . even a caveman could do it . you stick it in the milk and turn the switch and , voila ! , it 's frothed and container size is only an issue if you are trying to froth in something too small and ca n't accomodate the foam it creates . all in all , this is a top notch buy and a guilty pleasure for sure and nothing could be more gratifying then having merchandise that lives up to its promise . this machine delivers , i love it and so will you
1 fantastic item . great item ! i have looked for something like this to use in non-stick cookware so as not to scratch . it is finally here ! ! i have used it several times . it is a great product . i even bought one for my sister too ! i love it and i am sure you will too
1 size does n't matter ! . this tabletop fan is a telling reason why vornado has been around for a long time . great air output , high quality , well-built , very quiet on low speed , adjustable so you can tilt it at any angle you want , and just small enough to fit on your desk , table , or in our case , the bathroom counter . my wife uses this fan to cool off in the bathroom while getting ready in the morning , and it really does the job . it has a very focused air flow so she can aim it on herself without bothering me . it 's very smooth running , so there 's no danger of it vibrating off the counter . it costs a bit more than the typical portable fan , but then there 's nothing more frustrating than having a fan that wo n't cool you off . no worries with this one ! the extra money is well spent here . this fan lives up to the saying , `` you get what you pay for ''
1 excellent buy . we originally bought the product for our toddler 's room and then ended up buying a second vornado for our master bedroom . this is an excellent buy for several reasons . first , it is sleek and stylish , especially given its neutral color . second , it provides a great wind speed given its small size . third , it provides a constant soothing wind sound , which is great for drowning out any annoying pheripheral noises . lastly , i have not seen the product in a retail store any cheaper than on amazon.com . we have had the product over 8 months with nightly use with no sign of defficiency in performance
1 good value for a good fan . reliable and functions . much less expensive than `` ionic breeze '' or other yuppie products one might get at the s.i . has three fan settings and is very quiet . does n't stir up dust and blow it around like a traditional fan does . only draw back is that it does not have a filter .
1 beautiful presentation . this is such a great deal here on amazon . i paid more than this at an outlet ! but , that said , this is a gorgeous butter dish and a beautiful addition to your holiday table . i use mine throughout the holidays and winter , it is just so very pretty and does a great job on keeping butter fresh . plus , it 's very easy to clean ( do n't you love scraping those butter pieces off ? ) by just popping it on the top shelf of a dishwasher . mine has been used for 12 years and still looks new .
1 my favorite mixing bowl . this is a very comfortable bowl to use . made of sturdy plastic , it is much lighter than glass mixing bowls , which makes it convenient and easy to use . the handle is very ergonomic and comfortable to grip ( really good when pouring batter into a pan , for instance ) , and the shape of the bowl itself is perfect for wrapping an arm around for those heavy duty mixing sessions . the rubber on the bottom keeps the bowl right where you put it - no sliding . i use this bowl the most of all my mixing bowls and am looking forward to getting a bigger one just like it . oh , by the way - it 's dishwasher safe , too . i 've washed mine over and over and it still looks new
1 very large but full of quality . i did n't think it would be that large either but i got used to them after a while . you need a tall container to hold them in though . they are of good quality finally no melting ! great to use with my ionized cookware which makes a smooth cooking combination
1 it works like a charm . i ordered this the early part of december , so had it in time for the christmas season . i am so very pleasantly surprised about the power and efficiency of this one . it is small so storage is a breeze , and the capacity of the bowl is just right for any chopping , etc . that you need to do . this is my and quot ; new favorite and quot ; appliance
1 favorite accessory . this food chopper is my favorite extra appliance in the kitchen . for salsas , the low speed lets me keep the ingredients chunky . for sauces , the higher speed can easily puree most ingredients . my favorite item to use it for is onions and it saves alot of tears . the large bowl not only holds alot , but is also very easy to clean . i highly recommend this food chopper for frequent or casual dicing cook
1 the hit of the party ! . these are extremely well-designed and will be the hit of your party ! i have used these twice at small gatherings and each person who had a martini commented about how great they were and asked where i bought them . they are easy to clean and easy to store . i highly recommend them . just be sure that your guests do not walk off with them , or even worse toss them in the trash when they are done with their drink .
1 a very nice sheet . i was thinking of buying parchment paper before this product caught my eyes . i took a chance after reviewing others ' good reviews on it . and it was a good buy . i used it to bake and it 's totally non-stick . it 's also very easy to clean after use . if it can be used 5000 times as it claims , i definitely will save a lot compared to buying parchment paper
1 great piece , but do n't expect it to arrive quickly . i have the tangerine one and i love it -- it 's great for using in the microwave to make rice a roni and stuff like that . however , my father ordered the periwinkle one off of my wish list and it kept getting backordered -- for months . we finally cancelled the order and i got something else from my wish list
1 best deal towel sets . this product offers a phenomenon deal a steal for the asking price
1 handy kitchen item . these are thin , lightweight , flexible mats that are great for chopping things on and then picking up and folding up the edges to pour the food into a pot/pan . this thinness/flexibility has a `` downside '' too : i do agree with the other reviewers that these mats tend to curl up and not lay flat . however , they clean up easily , the price is right , and i am happy with my purchase .
1 they do bend after a while . i 've used these for months to protect tile countertops and they basically work except they start bending after a while on the edges and something light ( like an empty glass ) tends to fall over . they are heavy duty and i put hot items on them with no problems
1 love it ! . so glad i bought this turner ! it 's very flexible and i can get under and flip my omelette/pancake beautifully . i love how i can now scrape the pan clean ( as hard as i want ) without leaving any scratches . it 's very easy to clean too .
1 best peeler ever ! . this peeler is amazing , and really inexpensive . i am really please with how easily it takes the skin off of cucumbers , carrots , etc . this is definetly a great item
1 finally , i have a real coffee grinder ! . after suffering for years with blade grinders and cheaper burr grinders , i decided to take the plunge and get the capresso infinity in brushed chrome . this grinder addresses all the problems i had with the lesser machines : it 's fairly quiet , free of static , grinds evenly , and is easy to clean ( although unless you use really oily beans , you should n't need to clean it very often ) . i do n't make espresso , but i 've used it to grind coffee for moka pots , french press , and drip coffeemakers , all with great success . just a note on its construction : the difference between the chrome versions and the abs plastic version is more than just the finish or a metal skin . the chrome versions have a `` zinc die-cast housing , '' weigh almost twice as much as the abs plastic version , and are very stable . also , as usual , amazon has inflated the price to make it seem like they 're offering us a bargain when they 're not . the list price on the manufacturer 's website is $ 139.99 , not $ 190 . i got mine locally at sur la table
1 at last ! a home-made pizza worth eating ! . i was helped in choosing this pizza stone by the hundreds of online reviews and suggestions posted by people from all over . well , they were all right . excellent item . i bought two stones and used them simultaneously for the first two homemade pizzas of my life ... delicious ! as others have suggested , i never remove the stone from the oven , and lately i just placed a pan containing the dough for an olive focaccia and it came out perfectly done . i am convinced that the stone works its magic also when not used to bake directly on it . i am extremely happy so far and i 'd highly recommend this item . buon appetito
1 pizza stone . i ca n't believe how fast i received my pizza stone and the way it was packaged was great . i 've use pizza stones before and loved the way they even out the heat in the oven and the cripy crust that it gives . i 'll very happy with my purchase
1 my girlfriend says it 's awesome . and i like my cupcakes with frosting still on them
1 i love these . these are excellent ! instead of reaching for a paper towel , i grab one of these ( choosing a size that completely covers the top of the item i am microwaving ) , and then wash it when finished . i did notice that the smooth side should be on top to prevent it from curling up when it gets hot . i really like the fact that you can see through it since i could n't see through paper towels
1 love it ! ! ! . this is what i use when making a roux and when i need to break up ground meat while cooking . it 's nice and heavy and feels good in my hand . i have cheaper wooden products and they do n't hold up as well as this does . you can tell the difference between oxo wooden utensils and others because of the quality . i think you can put it in the dishwasher but i never do . i hand wash it and oil it whenever i oil my cutting board . i love its rich color . it 's a great product
1 the best carpet cleaner i have ever used . i wanted to say that this is the best cleaner out there as far as im concerned . very easy to assemble , and use . our carpet came out looking like new , all the stains that i have been trying to get out came out with no problem at all . we bought a model home for custom built homes and there was alot of heavy traffic ( foot ) in the house not to mention we have pets in the house . i used the cleaner all through the house ( 2200 sq ft ) . it was amaing how this cleaner got everything thing clean . there was a large bad stain area due to a plate of hot food was dropped and all the oils from the cooking and butter was dumped on the carpet . i tried everything to remove it , nothing would get the stains out . when i used this steam cleaner on it , guess what all the stains had been removed . i really do think it has something to do with the brush action and the fact that it heats up the water , plus it also gives out equal amount of soap and water . i would also add that i have used this on our furniture and it worked just as good as it did one the carpet i have recommended this machine to all my friends , it is worth the money plus . i also have a small steam cleaner from the same company it is perfect for the rec room and pet accidents on the carpet
1 great quality , great size ! . my wife and i have long been fans of fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years . somehow it was n't until about 2 years ago that we discovered this size . at 9 '' the lunch plate is perfect for many occasions - especially lunch ! ( smile ) the quality of these plates is very good and this size is very uselul . for some reason these are seldom seen as part of a standard set . we use ours all the time ... highly recommended !
1 great cover ! . i think this cover is just perfect for the price and easy zipper closure ! the other reviewers must not have read the description closely because it does say cover ! a featherbed is a featherbed , this says featherbed cover ! easy to take off , easy to wash , and easy to put back on
1 non stick and great for everyday . i got these as part of our wedding registry here on amazon and with about 2 months of use i am very happy with this set . more so than any other set of pots/pans that i own . here are some pro 's : 1 - the non-stick is truly non-stick and so easy to use . the fact that the outside is non-stick also makes cleaning up easy . 2 - the handle really does stay cool , even near the edge on gas burners 3 - the size of all 9 pieces are very convenient 4 - easy to wash due to non-stick and dishwasher safe 5 - thermospots assists in cooking evenly 6 - oven safe great price and value
1 great ! ! ! . i just got it today and ca n't wait to cook something in it . it is very good looking , larger than i expected and very deep . i will be cooking everything in it from now on
1 pretty , stylish , scratches and chips . to prevent scratches and chipping and to retain fiesta 's smooth glossy surface , hand wash separately , one piece at a time , in a soft rubber dishpan and stack between paperplates ( cups between coffee filters ) . i do this with all my stoneware and pieces 30 years old still look like new . a friend gave me all her brown dripware ( gourmet ) from 1969 and the place settings are scratched , pitted and dull from stacking and years of automatic dishwashing . mine from the same era are still glossy , mostly scratch free , and certainly not pitted . also , i do n't put my original pieces in my microwave , ( only hers ) because although it may be safe to do so , this can dull a glossy finish . re fiestaware , i remember seeing relatives and neighbors fiesta cups and plates with chips and always thought them very unattractive and `` cheap '' - looking , perhaps because of the dull rose , gray , and avacado colors at the time . however , i find most of the colors presently available very bright and pretty and , so far , have bought heather , seamist , scarlett , tangerine , turquoise , and yellow . cobalt , cinnebar , and plum are just too dark and dreary for me . in the store , they are much darker than they look on here . in a library book on fiestaware , they show an earlier cobalt or deep blue color that is very pretty and a real plum color ( like the fruit ) would be bright/pretty , too .
1 fiestaware brings color to life . this is a great set of dinnerware ! ! after 25 years , my husband and i decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our wedding gift white corelle with festive fiestaware . how lovely to open the cabinets and see color ! ! ! we 've mixed colors and have an eight piece display of color . fiestaware is not only beautiful , but durable . and it can be put in the dishwasher , microwave , oven and freezer ! ! ! it may cost a bit more than some of the trendy stuff available , but it 's adaptability to all uses makes it a fabulous value ! ! ! if you are at all tempted by it -- - buy it ! ! ! ! you will love it ! put some color in your life
1 bang out some baguettes ... it 's easy ! . i have never had any problems using this pan . the key is to use a recipe for french bread or baguettes , not just any bread recipe . i use a bread machine dough cycle to prepare the dough , because i 'm just not talented at breadmaking . the french bread recipe in the machine 's owner 's manual worked fine , and so did a french bread recipe in a bread machine cookbook . i think other doughs are too soft and get into the holes , as other reviewers have noted . they did n't prepare the right kind of bread dough . i 'm a whiz at using the bread machine dough cycle , then finishing baking rustic breads in a baguette or french bread pan . it 's no fail ! it makes me look like an expert bread baker . trust me , i 'm not ... if i try making bread without the machine 's help , i end up with bricks . lol the chicago metallic baguette pan is easy to use and results in a crusty , chewy bread . lovely
1 great knife for the price . i received this knife as a christmas present and so far , i am pleased . what struck me first about this knife is how wonderfully sharp it is . i also own a wusthoff santoku ( which i love , too ) and this knife was just as sharp right out of the box as the wusthoff was . it is rather comfortable in the hand and the shape of the blade allows for very smooth rocking and chopping action , which is wonderful when you are chopping vegetables . it is also wonderful for carving meats , with its long sharp blade . the blade is a little on the thin side for my tastes , however , but is certainly functional . the grip is also slightly larger than i would like , making it a bit more cumbersome to hold than my wusthoff . but these matters are not that important considering the price of this knife . if price were not an issue and i had to choose between a wusthoff and a forschner fibrox , then i would probably choose a wusthoff . but being that a wusthoff of this size would be at least $ 50 more , then price does come to play . if money is no object , then choose the wonderful german steel of a wusthoff or look into the japanese steel of a shun . but if you are like most of us and have to consider price , then i do believe you will be happy with a forschner fibrox chef 's knife .
1 wonderful , beautiful , satisfying . yes , the le creuset spatulas are wonderful . they look great and are very , very useful . throw away your old rubber ones which melt and buy one of these . you will never regret it
1 wish i bought this sooner ... i have a small kitchen , will always have a small kitchen , and finding a place to store my cookware was a problem . i purchased the calphalon wall rack and hubby installed it . installation was easy and the rack looks so nice againist my kitchen wall . my pots are now safely organized and my kitchen has more storage space . i wish i had enough room for a second rack..
1 a very efficient and durable filter to keep your fish healthy . i 've used a pair of emperor 400 filters on a 75 gallon tank continuously for the past five years or so . so far , neither has needed attention other than filter changes and recently , new impellers . after five years , the constantly spinning impellers had worn their shafts and bushings to the point where they made a rattley noise , although they still moved water effectively . replacing the impellers was an easy repair , and restored the unit to almost total silence . the filter may actually now be quieter than when it was new , as there appeared to be a slight design change in the new impellers when compared to the old ones . i 'm still using the original biowheels , with no end in sight . for almost anyone , a single emperor would provide adequate filtration , however at the time i purchased them , i had seven huge goldfish in the tank , who produced vast quantities of waste matter . eventually the goldfish grew too large for the tank and were relocated to a pond in the backyard , and the tank was restocked with a variety of colorful tropical fish . the big selling feature for the emperor 400 is the dual biowheels , which provides a highly oxygenated living space for beneficial bacteria to colonize . these bacteria help remove some of the waste products which the fish produce , resulting in healthier fish , and extending the time interval between water changes , and thus reducing maintainence of the aquarium . other filters have alternative methods of providing biological filtration , but the biowheel is so effective that it can keep nitrates at an undetectable level . these filters are made of a black , slightly flexible plastic which seems to be less brittle than the transparant material used on some other filters . as others have mentioned , each filter has four slots for filter cartridges . and the filter comes with two refillable media containers which can occupy two of those slots , if you choose to use them . then can hold extra carbon , zeolite , or other material . i have mine filled with porous ceramic noodles . the emperor 400 has a control for water volume , so you can turn it down when feeding your fish , preventing all the food from being sucked into the filter . after the fish have finished eating , the volume can be set back to `` high '' , however i have left it in the second slowest postion for weeks at a time , and the fish seemed to be content . i have found that if the volume control is not moved for a long time , it tends to accumulate mineral deposits and become stiff . so , i turn it down every day when feeding , then turn it back up a couple of hours later . also , if the power is interrupted while water volume is turned down , the filter takes longer to prime itself and begin pumping properly . if power fails when volume is turned up , the filter restarts with no problem when power is restored . the emperor 400 comes with a cleaning brush for the spray bars and an extension for the water intake to be used if you have a very deep tank . my own tank is fairly deep , and the extension would bring the intake nearer the bottom , however i do n't use the extension , and filtration seem fine . when setting up an aquarium , it should be born in mind that the closer to a natural habitat you can get , the healthier your fish will be and the less maintainence will be required . my own tank is set up as follows : two inches of `` eco-complete planted aquarium substrate '' soil purchased in sealed bags at the local store aquariumconnection . the soil is intended for use in aquariums with live plants , which feed on some of the wastes . in the soil , there are approximately 20 anubis plants scattered around the tank . the fish love to swim between and around the leaves , or hide behind them . from time to time , eggs are laid on the leaves of the plants . the bright green leaves stand out in vivid contrast against the nearly black soil . two 15 watt fluorescent lights provide illumination to stimulate photsynthesis in the plants . i strongly recommend that you do not use any type of gravel , colored or otherwise , as food falls down into the gravel where fish can not reach it , and where it rots and fouls the water . if you choose to use gravel , you must vacuum the gravel on a weekly basis , and your water still will not be as clean . gravel equals more work and dirtier water . sand is better than gravel as food can not fall down into the sand , but sand still does n't provide nutrition for live plants . use eco-complete soil or something comparable , both you and your fish will be happier . i also recommend that you do not use any type of undergravel filter , as these will also require frequent vacuuming , and eventual dismantling of the tank to clean beneath the filter plate . with the emperor , you wo n't need additional filters . and again , undergravel filters equal more work and lower water quality . i never vacuum the soil , and perform a 20 % water change every couple of months , usually when i change filter cartridges . the fish themselves consist of a number of cory catfish , who snuffle around through the soil and pick up whatever falls from above . there are as well golden tetras , cardinal tetras , redline tetras , silver dollars , danios , flying clouds , and mollies , and one otocinclus catfish . some of the cory catfish are grandfathers several times over , and have grown to a large size in the five years or so they have lived in this tank . i feed them once each day , around 6:00 pm . supper consists of several spirulina wafers , plus a pinch of flake food about the size of a nickle , which i crush between my fingers to produce many very fine particles . to sum up , the emperor 400 is an efficient and durable filter which will help provide good water quality and healthy fish .
1 great whisk . pretty pink and for a verry* good cause..very sturdy..just pricey but as i said..its for a good caus
1 kitchenaid is simply the best . this whisk is far superior to any other i have owned . i cook constantly and a whisk is a necessary tool . this one is sturdy , reliable , and stands up to the most viscous mixtures . kitchenaid is the way to go for all of your appliance and cookware needs
1 nice and roomy ! . this steamer fits perfectly on cuisinart 's 4 qt saucepan . the lid seals in every bit of steam . i used to always have to add more water when steaming batches of corn-on-the-cob , but since no steam escapes here , i can make several batches non-stop . i also like the fact that the steamer is wide ; that means that the food will cook evenly ( instead of other steamers where the stuff at the bottom gets overcooked and the stuff at the very top gets undercooked ) . i 've only used the steamer five or six times but so far , there 's practically no sign of dullness or staining - maybe just a little sign of dullness , but i 'm more interested in function than appearance . washing it immediately will keep it stain-free . overall , an incredible deal for $ 20.00
1 great for decorating . i 'm new to bakery decorating and the tips work great ! you can use them with pastry bags or even just regular plastic bags ( if you cut open a corner for the tip ) . it is easy to clean with the brush and it is great that it comes with it 's own box for easy storage . there are enough tips for simple decorating , still testing out all the different sizes and options
1 absolutely gorgeous but ... . from the review of this ca king and the review of the king , these comforter 's sizes are off only in design . i have a ca king and the ca king actually fits my bed great overall . but the problem is in the main part of the bordered pattern ends too high at the foot of the bed and the beginning of the ruffle part is also now too high up on the foot of the bed , even though the whole thing still fits overall . if i pull the comforter down so that the ruffle part starts at the foot of my bed , it hangs a little low and i have about 10 inches at the head of my bed uncovered . the comforter is absolutely gorgeous and seems to be quality made . i will fill that 10 '' space with lots of pillows because $ 60 is an absolute steal !
1 great ! great ! great ! . two of the basic kitchen specialty items included in one package deal ! easy grip handles , stylish and quality design will assure that these items will be around in my array of often used gadgets for a long time to come
1 very pretty and sturdy . i really like this set . the blue is very pretty and the tools are all very high quality
1 customers beware ! ! ! . i have spent thousands of dollar 's , on meyers cookware everthing from kitchenaid , anolon , prestige , faberware , and amp ; circulan , just to name a few . though meyers does manufacture very high quality pots and amp ; pans and i would recommend them to anyone it 's just sad that if you have any problem with them , under warranty , you have to go throught the chain of command , that never gets you anywhere , even if you want to speak with upper management about the rudeness of the customer service department . their customer service department employees are always very rude and snotty and they act like they are doing you a favor to even talk to you about their products . do n't get me wrong they do make good cookware , probably the best , but you as the consumer are at the mercy of their customer service and their descision or your fait on wheather your life time warranty is honored or not
1 does everything you 'd expect . excellent . was a replacement iron for a different brand i dropped after over ten years service . features have improved
1 practice . this takes a little practice to get used to putting the opener properly on the can . however , once you do , it works extremely well- it turns smoothly and cans are opened cleanly , regardless of can size . i especially like having no sharp edges
1 i feel like a star , now ! ! ! ! . i ordered one of these , after seeing someone use a similar grill pan on a cooking show . when i received the product , it was superior in quality . very heavy and extremely attractive . i could n't wait to use it . i just wanted to get those little grill marks on my food , because i do n't own an outdoor grill and i do n't like the idea of dealing with mosquitos while grilling outside . not only did i get the marks , but i got the burnt grill flavor on my chicken breast , too . the first night that i used it , i was having a dinner party while cooking . it performed stellar on the first use . i used chicken breast strips and noticed that though they seared with that great sound , they were cooking evenly and slowly . the food did n't burn , but i had to cook it a long time to get the chicken thoroughly done . the taste was perfect and not burnt or dry at all . i was so excited that i cooked whole bonely breast two days later and ca n't wait to grill the shrimp and vegetables this weekend . beware though , the thickness of the meat will cause a lengthy grilling time . so , the house will be full of smoke ( for the inexperienced cook like me ) , but the meat will not burn or dry out . i also purchased the heart shape pot which was great for display of the casserole but the grill pan has me walking on cloud nine . matter of fact , i 'm eating grilled chicken for lunch right now and it taste great !
1 great for the price . this is a great timer for the price , a little bulky though . it 's nice to be able to set the timer for seconds , minutes or hours and also be able to count down or upwards . i 'll use it as a reminder for appointments while i 'm working in the office at home as well as in the kitchen . this will also be handy for soccer practice
1 best bread knife since unsliced bread . this is the knife you need to slice your bread . i wondered why my old knife and new breadmaker did n't get along . this knife solved the problem . you get nice , clean , even slices of bread with this knife . for me , it is the nicest thing to happen to make even , sliced bread , a reality in my kitchen
1 great scoop [ . this ice cream scoop recieved a great review in a cooking magazine so i bought it and love it
1 fs regular sealer . does what it is supposed to . but go to yahoo foodsaver group for lots of hints on how to make it work as well as it can
1 great product ! . i love this coffee pot ! it makes a great pot of coffee , keeps it hot to that last cup , cleans like a champ and looks fabulous all at the same time ! ! i highly recommend this item . a french press makes the best coffee and i 'll never have to worry about breaking another glass carafe
1 beautiful and sturdy . my joyce chen bowls arrived perfectly packed and in excellent shape . the individual boxes themselves were sturdy and have extra cushioning inside , spoon and chopsticks were wrapped separately . my son is addicted to ramen noodles and serving them in these bowls takes it up a notch . i love the chopsticks that come with the set . they have grooves at the tip that serve to hold slippery noodle better than anything i have ever seen . these noodle bowls make a 15 cent meal look so special and i would n't hesitate to order more as gifts
1 stylish , sexy , simply the best ... . the first thing i noticed about this is just how good it looks . it really is a showpiece in my kitchen . the smooth , rounded shape and the shiny chrome finish really make it look fabulous and i leave it out on the counter all the time . apart from that , it seems pretty much a normal toaster . the extra-lift feature makes getting small bagels out very easy , and the electronic buttons are handy too . i like the way it can take four big pieces of bread or bagels without taking up too much room in the kitchen . 5 stars
1 best glasses . i just keep buying more of these glasses , including other sizes and shapes . they look good and are great at keeping drinks hot or cold
1 i think it 's cleaning itself . `` i think it 's cleaning itself '' says my wife as she was soaking it in the sink after we baked mac and cheese . it seemed like it was . i gave it a quick scrub with a songe and it was clean . no need to soak it really . this is the best folks , skip the le creuset and go for this . if you want to save some bucks go for the cuisinart chef clasics ( see my review on that
1 easy-clean finish . i have the four piece set of these silicone utensils , and have been very pleased with them . they are heat resistant , heavy-duty , and look sharp . they are slightly flexible , but i have not found this to be a problem unless you want to do heavy scraping with the turner . the best part is the wonderful easy-clean properties of the silicone . my other heat-resistant utensils always look icky and need to be scrubbed with a scouring pad to clean the textured finish . these look great right out of the dishwasher ! i 've had them for a year and they 've held up great . the turner has not disintegrated on the edge , either , like many other types do . the smooth finish allows food to slip right off without sticking as you 're cooking
1 it does the job ! . this is a nice sturdy wooden knife block with plenty of slots
1 excellent ! . i have used this filter with my grind-n-brew for 2 years . i put it in the dishwasher at least twice and have never had any problems with it . i have no idea what these other reviewers are doing wrong , but i love this filter . i never have grounds in my coffee . there is always a little darker/thicker coffee in the bottom of a good cup of coffee ! as for price , $ 20 is not the actual price for this filter . $ 10 is the `` real '' price , so you are not getting a deal on amazon especially when you add shipping ( unless you are getting free shipping ) . i have seen the same $ 10 filter at wal-mart , walgreens , ace hardware , and publix . overall , if you enjoy a good cup of coffee and do not want to put the chemicals added to paper filters in your body , buy this coffee filter
1 retro . love this cake plate . looks like our retro 50s kitchen . its solid , well-formed glass with fluting on the base , a nice touch . and you ca n't beat the price . our dinner guests are always excited about desert when they see it displayed so adoringly . i ca n't think of a single thing bad about it . well , maybe the cleaning part
1 highest recommendation . i 've enjoyed mine for 15 years , my mom has enjoyed hers for 36 years , not sure how old my grandma 's is , all still run great . mixes breads , cookies , cakes , pancakes , hamburger and whips cream and egg whites effortlessly . easy to clean . some reviews have commented on the weight , my mom has had arthritis for a long time , and she still uses this all the time . just leave it on your counter , it looks great and you 're going to uses it every other day anyway . it is getting to be our standard wedding present and we have never had any complaints . just feels good to have something so beautiful , reliable , well made and useful sitting handy on the counter
1 great pans ! . i have 4 of these cookie sheets , and am ordering more . i bake in quantity , and these sheets are the only ones i 've found that do n't warp when heated , and that come clean without intense effort . they also maintain a very consistent heat , so that all the cookies on the sheet brown at the same time .
1 cookies turn out fantastic ! . this is a really nice cookie sheet . i baked cookies soon after i received this cookie sheet , and they were great ! i plan to order another so that i have 2 on hand . i am tired of the nonstick pans that scratch and then rust easily . this is a nice alternative
1 love this piece . i just bought this piece and tried it out . i love the size and no drip mouth..the color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet
1 vacu vin pineapple slicer ! ! ! a narvel . i have not purchased a ripe pineapple due to the fact that it is so difficult to hand peel . so i have gone without this delicious fruit for too long . i happened on the slicer while browsing amazon and could not believe they had such a tool ! i ordered it right then and it arrived in a few days . all that was said about it is really true ! it cuts a pineapple in a matter of seconds leaving a very attractive bowel , the pinapple it self
1 userful , wonderful , worth the money . hi , we got this set one month after getting married , and guess what , it is the thing that we always wanted . it gives us the choices in pan sizes . and there are three more mixing bowls which come handy while cooking or storing left overs . the stockpots are wonderful , they are the used most of the times . the mirror polish is still intact , i think this is a wonderful thing that a newly wed should have . its worth the price . positive points : food does n't stick to the pots/pans you get varieties of sizes . easy to clean . looks smart . negative points : i feel the handles are little delicate , so we have to give support if the stockpot is completely filled the mixing bowls are quite thin . be careful while dumping it into sin
1 cuisinart grind and brew coffee maker . this coffee maker is the best i have ever used . it keeps the coffee hot for 2 hours or more after brewing and it is easy to clean and maintain . i would recommend this appliance to anyone .
1 marinating kit . i like this product . quality is very good . i use it for other things besides marinating . store homemade cookies in it , left over soups and stews , etc . i am glad i bought it .
1 emile henri coffee mugs . emile henri has a superb line of table ware and these coffe mugs are no exception . brilliantly hued and durable .
1 quality . i love products that are genuinely high quality goods . this fan comes under that category . if you are looking to purchase a fan , i can recommend this one
1 not recommended for the long term . i agree with most of the positive reviews of the vacuvin food saver set . however , i 'd love a larger size -- one that could hold at least one pound of ground coffee . i suppose the downside would be that it would take longer to pump the air out of a larger container . but , they 're easy to use , look nice , and keep the food fresher longer . review update : 05/03/2005 one star 2 of the containers wo n't hold a seal any longer . not recommended for the long term .
1 good knife for the money . this was my first 'nice ' knife when i was taken in by the santoku craze , and it was certainly a decent choice . the knife is sharp out of the box , reasonably well balanced , and has pretty good fit/finish . for the type of person who only buys things like veggies and boneless/skinless chicken , etc. , that are largely prepared , this knife will probably fit the bill and allow you finish up small amounts of prep work . the real drawback is the length . when you live in the south , you see vidalia onions that are 7 '' in diameter . this knife is a bit small to tackle the large veggies . and do n't even think about getting it near hard melons or bone-in meats . since i got this knife , i 've expanded my collection quite a bit , even adding some real japanese steel . but this little blade keeps a spot on my magnetic strip , where it comes out for small tasks or when my wife ca n't get me to relinquish the big blade . for most cooks , who need a real omni-tasker knife , i would look for a 9-10 '' chef 's knife rather than this .
1 more beautiful than pictured ... these are ultra corelle ! ! ! . this listing fails to mention that these dishes are from the ultra line which are significantly thicker and heavier than just the normal square dishes corelle has recently released . this is fabulous because i was concerned that the old corelle i remember is a bit thin . these carry a 5-year warranty vs. the regular 3-yr . this pattern is more beautiful in person ; the leaves have a great texture to them . the pattern is softer and less `` limey '' in person ( in a good way ) . do n't shy away from corelle because they are n't known for style ( i almost did ) . the durability and beauty of these dishes are unmatched in my opinion . purchased two sets for special occassion dinners and everyday use
1 great purchase ! . the silverware is extremely nice - compared to other i bought elsewhere . they are polished for a nice feel , and combined with the weight , this makes for pleasure while eating . also , saving more than 50 % from the original price is awesome ! ! :
1 outstanding quality and great price . this cooking/serving stainless steel slotted spoon , like the rest of the products from the oxo good grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product to the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries . its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and a strong , stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable . overall , this spoon is perfect to strain vegetables , fruits , shrimp and other foods , and its easy to clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away . after submitting this product to over three years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- reviewed by maritza volma
1 awesome toaster oven . i love the toaster oven . i used it about every day . strongly recommend this to buyers .
1 for the cost - great value . if you want to pay over $ 100 you can find much better quality , but for 70 % less this is a fantastic value
1 5qt.bowl for mixer . this is the bowl that we were looking for . we found it at several places , but amazon.com had the best price . they even beat the local and quot ; discount and quot ; cooking stor
1 it 's a battery , what else would you expect ? . after 3 years , and oddly enough three different replacement robots , the battery finally lost its ability to charge . being a product that has one model made by one manufacturer , i was very surprised to find the battery at a significantly lower price at amazon . the product works as one would expect , it charged right up and it runs my roomba , as long as it does n't blow up like a laptop battery , i will continue to enjoy a product that makes my life a little easier . now if they could come up with a robot that washes and folds laundry , now that would be a `` must have '' product
1 excellent icing spatula . this spatula makes frosting simple to complex cakes very easy . works well with many different icings
1 just like grandma made ... i bought this little percolator in order to brew the homemade coffee my grandma gave me . it works great . perfect size , easy to use and easy on the eyes . for the beginners ( like me ) it does take a couple of trial runs to get the perfect cup of coffee ( a measuring spoon would have been nice ) . but it 's all well worth it to get a break from starbucks
1 excelent quality , soft . i love the quality and softness of this product . the sheet set fit perfectly on my bed . and the price is unbeatabl
1 very comfortable . it is n't at all like what i expected . it is a very dense jersey ( knit ) and keeps shape while stretching over an 18 '' mattress
1 martini glasses . these glasses are superb in quality and appearance . the purchaser should be aware that they are of the smaller type of martini glass , more the original size , rather than the wide mouth styles you see in some stores today
1 very solid . this is a wonderfully efficient zesting tool . if you find that you need a zester more than even once a year you should invest in this nifty little product . it boasts solid construction with an easy grip rubberized handle and 5 sharp holes for quick and easy zesting . very easy to hold and twist when zesting . it even has a little channel knife if you want to do some fancy peeling . this beats the heck out of trying to zest with a cheap grater type device and is vastly superior to trying to zest with the edge of a knife . ( as i did for years before i learned better ) i use lemon and lime zest quite a bit more than the average person and i see no signs that this tool will dull , break , or wear out anytime soon . highly recommended tool for any active zester . as easy to wash as a fork . cool
1 overall pretty good . these are hefty , and not super soft but high quality . no fancy stitching or detail of any kind . ran a little small for my king bed , but you ca n't beat the price .
1 stick with the basics . this is a premier baking sheet at a fraction of the cost . made of commercial grade materials , it delivers quality nearly every time . i have made many different foods on these sheets , including fish sticks , cookies , meats and roasted potatoes . it works great with everyone , and there is no transfer ever . browning is even and consistent , and i personally have n't yet had one warp at high temps and i have 4 of them . they are a standard size , and could be too big for some small ovens . i ran into this when i needed to visit a friend 's home and do baking , and they did n't fit into her wall oven . not really chicago metallic 's fault , just something to watch out for
1 swiss diamond is a real jewel ! . wish i 'd had this pan years ago - it would have saved me at least a year in clean up time ! nothing sticks to the pan ! it cooks beautifully and is well worth the price . with a lifetime warranty , super easy clean up , and utensil `` safe '' , it is a great investment ! if i cooked more often , i would buy the larger swiss diamond also .
1 beautiful , durable , quaint , and practical . this ( rose fiestaware ) sugar and creamer set is very beautiful - true to all of the fiestaware pieces . this set goes very nicely with the large fiestaware teapot -- a wonderful gift for anyone and durable , pretty and cheerful to use for your own family . the availability was great and the speed of delivery was wonderful -- amazon does an outstanding job as usual of customer service ! all of the amazon staff are polite , helpful , and efficient .
1 very pretty roasting pan and impressive gift . if you have a good cook ( or chef ) in the family , this makes a very impressive gift . it 's a very nice looking pan that stays nice looking . my only criticism of it is the lack of a non-stick interior . you either will want to line the pan with foil before cooking anything that will generate a mess or where juices might burn , or you 'll have to let it soak with a dryer sheet for a while afterwards . the stainless does n't retain messes so much as it just takes a bit of effort to get it completely clean . but it 's worth the effort - the pan cooks evenly , the rack is very sturdy . worth the money . watch out for the handles when they 're hot - they do n't fold down and it 's easy to burn the underside of your arm or hands on them when you 're moving it around while hot .
1 beauty and function . this roasting pan is a prize and well worth the investment . it is heavy duty and i have used it for large rib roasts and a turkey . it is wonderful for making gravy on my gas stove after roasting ; the rack is so sturdy it holds any roast i could fit in my oven . it washes clean with little effort so i have not had to use the dishwasher . it looks like new after washing . this pan will be around a lot longer than i will !
1 as advertised . as advertised , and described in various reviews , the blender is solid , powerful and loud ... .very loud . i have to block my ears when it 's running but i had expected that so i 'm not complaining . my one complaint is that the `` water tight '' lid is not and if i fill it up too full liquid comes out the top . i use it for fruit smoothies ( no ice ) and vegetable soups and they come out very smooth
1 love this breadmaker ! . i am a great cook but not a good bread baker . this machine is a joy , a godsend , i love it . easy to use , easy to clean and it never fails . buy it now-you wo n't be sorry . i had 2 different breadmakers before this one-they shall remain nameless-just buy this one . i have had mine for 2 years this christmas-what fun i have had with it
1 love it ! . we had the original hamilton beach brewmaster and loved it . we like this one even better , although it takes longer for the coffee to brew . i do n't think i could ever go back to a regular coffee maker .
1 terrific coffeemaker . i love this coffeepot . i had the older version and had a problem with the timing light but so far this works great . it 's very easy to set up the timer and looks great sitting on the counter . i 'm the only coffee drinker in the house and i love the fact you can just hold a cup underneath and get all the coffee you want without the burnt taste . would highly recommend to everyone
1 worked for sometime . this is my first oil sprayer so i ca n't say this is better than that or whatsoever . i bought it after reading the reviews here . it was working great for few days and i 'm not sure how it happened but i saw a tiny hole on the plastic lid and obviously it could n't hold the pressure anymore . i purchased it from target.com so i 'm not sure about the return policy . i 'll have to find out . but other than that it was grea
1 ingenious ! makes you wonder why it was n't invented sooner ! . i own both the 1-cup and 2-cup and recommend you buy both for measuring liquids . if you do n't want to buy both , just buy the 2-cup , as it 's more versatile . i have other measuring cups , but these are the ones i reach for over and over . very convenient - no bending - i love it ! ingenious ! my only criticism - and it 's very minor - is that the design of the handle makes it wobble slightly rather than sitting firmly on a flat surface . if they correct this minor design flaw , it would get five stars
1 could n't be more pleased . we wanted to rid our kitchen of the microwave for health reasons but still have a fast way to get hot water . i never dreamed any small appliance could be this great . water comes to a rolling boil far faster than the microwave was ever able to do . we liked this so well we bought a second one for the lower level of our home
1 a perfect after dinner activity . i love my donvier ! i got it as a gift a number of years ago and wo n't let it out of my kitchen . just last night , i made an impromtu batch of ice cream for a guest , using some over-ripe strawberries in the refrigerator . but once we got started we also added a banana and some pecans , first blended in the blender . the end result was scrumptuous . ice cream making can be soooo easy with this little gadget . my grandchildren love for me to get it out . what a tasty treat ! who does n't love home-made ice cream , especially when you can see it being made , or better still , help make it . keep the inner core in your freezer and the lightweight plastic outer container in a bottom cabinet . no mess , no fuss , no problem . if you like ice cream and want a simple way of making it , this donvier is the answer . buy one . no , buy two and give one away . if i had not gotten mine as a gift , i might never have known the pleasure . gail gupton , author : 'the 31-day diet of spiritual enlightenment ' , and 'seekers of truth ' .
1 great value for the price . since i liked it so much , i decided to purchase a second one the day the first one arrived . was very disappointed to see that the price has gone up $ 10 in just one week ! however , the quality is good and i am satisfied with the item
1 hot stuff . lodge makes great products at a great price . this dutch oven has been in constant use since we bought it in january -- potatoes , chops , stews , popcorn , whatever . it does it all . the and quot ; nonstick and quot ; surface works as advertised , the inside of the pot is easy to clean and the handle is industrial strength . only complaint : the lid can be hard to clean because of its little spikes on the inside . check out the great sprite soda pop potato recipe they provide with the instructions
1 this makes my banana bread look even better ! . nordic ware makes the best looking pans , but this is my favorite pan from nordic ware ! this pan makes beautiful breads and cakes . because it has a non-stick coating you might have to adjust your temperature to a higher setting when baking . and even though it is non-stick , i suggest that you spray it with oil before baking because sometimes it does stick ! it 's also very easy to clean up
1 easy and cool in the kitchen . we had been enjoying the whole experience of the keurig b50 , when i got the email and blogsite updates over the past few months that keurig was promoting a new and improved single-cup brewer . i confess - i coveted this new machine in a big way . so when we were the recipients of a bright shiny new b70 last week on our front stoop , it was very much like christmas for me . my wife just smiled , and the kids gave out a sincere , `` whoa , that 's cool ! '' at our new kitchen friend . everything that we liked about the b50 is there for the b70 - with the addition of larger cup sizes and the overall look and feel . the coffee just tastes good , first and foremost . i 've tasted cups from other single-serve brewers , and most of them have been barely more appetizing than generic vending machine drop-the-cup coffee . from my first experience with the keurig machines , however , i was amazed how good the brew tasted . the home brewers make a great cup of coffee without having to waste a pot , or lose the coffee all over the counter when the previous machine 's brew basket got finicky . the additional my k-cup attachments allow for grinding our own beans , too - so as a coffee snob , i 'm hooked . the platinum b70 adds selection for cup size - right now , i think our best default size is 9.25oz , filling out most travel mugs and our normal in-house mugs well without getting watery on the k-cups we 've tried so far . and it has a larger reservoir for water , meaning we can get more coffee for fewer refills in the kitchen sink . all of these things would be enough , right ? but wow , it is just so cool looking . the blue led lights that make the water glow on the left , and the blue lcd screen on the right that shows the clock , menu , cup selection , and the chrome fixtures - even the spring-loaded holder in the front top of the brewer - all of that combines to make it more than just a good coffee , taking us into the realm of a really cool experience . the kids oooo and aaahhh every time they walk into the evening kitchen , seeing daddy 's glowing blue coffee brewer , just wanting to marvel in its glow ... . okay , that 's a little too melodramatic , but only slightly . if you like coffee and spend more than $ 10 per day , or throw away more than a third of a pot of coffee each morning , or if you enjoy coffee but avoid making it at night because for just one cup that whole pot will go to waste - i think you owe it to yourself to try this brewer out . not just in the store , but blue and glowing in your own kitchen . trust me - `` merry christmas '' is a great feeling
1 no problems ! ! ! great . when my sons cordless died he went an bought this phone system for himself so that he could keep one in his room and another in his office ( located in separate areas of the home ) . after he let it charge overnight we tested it out and were ammazed with it it could work inside outside all the way to the mailbox with no/little static ! ! ! it was/is amazing . we contacted vtech they offer a very similar model for people with multilines/mailboxes and has the capability to add 7 hand sets -- which is great since we all have seperated lines and sep. mailboxes
1 great inexpensive teakettle . i am very pleased with this lightweight , inexpensive teakettle . the size is great ; you can make many cups of tea in a single boil , but because the kettle is lightweight , it is still manageable with lots of water inside . trigger button on handle makes pouring easy and burn-free . i highly recommend this product
1 classy , yet durable . these ramekins are perfect for flan , custard , pudding , and the like . they are beautiful , yet very heavy duty . after buying one set in cherry red , i bought another set in flame 2 weeks later . these are a definate must buy
1 not a jackhammer , a great tool . i just needed to refute that first review also . this is not a toy , it 's not for mixing your ovaltine or slimfast shakes ( though it will work for sure ) . i assume that 's what the first reviewer wanted it for . you can get a 19 dollar piece to do that . it 's not `` about a foot long ! '' it 's 17 inches , and needs to be . it 's also not 20 lbs . it 's 2 lbs . and it 's weight is perfect . it 's not a `` hand blender '' for mixing water . it 's an immersion blender for making the thickest of the thick and the creamiest of the creamiest as far as soups go and 50 other uses . i 'm a professional chef , this is part of my kit that i do n't leave home without . you should n't be home without it
1 terrific . i feel obligated to defend this terrific appliance against the `` misguided '' reviewer who likened it to a jack-hammer . that review gave me pause when i was considering ordering it . fortunately i had faith in amazon 's return policy and decided to give it a chance . it 's not at all too heavy or too large . i 'm 5 ' 3 '' with small hands and it fits in my hand perfectly . it really is ergonomically designed . the power button falls directly under your fingers when you hold it . you have no need to change your grip until you 're through blending -- which is next to no time . it blends thoroughly and efficiently . it does have enough weight to give you some control . you would n't want something this powerful to be too light -- it could just fly out of your grasp . this feels solid , is very attractive , and also appears to be very well made . i love it . if you think you might want an immersion blender ( and if you cook , you do ) you 'll love it too . it should be noted that this is also called an immersion blender . i was confused by the two designations -- hand blender/immersion blender . apparently they are the same thing although listed separately
1 oxo 12 in ss locking tongs . this is a well designed and manufactured tool . the locking feature makes it convenient to store in a drawer and the black rubber handle makes the tongs comfortable to hold . i do n't know how i did without this tool before . another hit for the goodgrips brand
1 eurofeather pillows . i really like these pillows , they plump back up during the day when not being used . they are comfortable and hugable
1 awesome flatware setting , even better price ! . my old flatware set was worn out and after 15 years i could n't expect any more out of it . i searched for quite a bit to find the right setting for my family . this set is quality made , dishwasher safe and all around great ! the size seemed a bit large at first ( especially the forks ) , but we 've gotten used to that now and enjoy this set !
1 keurig personal coffee filter . i love my keurig coffee maker but missed some of my very special coffees . now i can grind and brew my favorites with this filter
1 quite happy with ours . i am surprised to see so many negative reviews . we 've had ours for five or six years , use it at least daily , and have been quite satisified with its performance . it generally toasts the bread evenly , and is consistent from batch to batch and from one day to the next . it does n't seem that slow to me , but my expectations may differ from yours . i agree the 2/4 slice switch is confusing , but we just leave it on the four-slice setting . i also agree it is a bit pricey , but most of our previous toasters only lasted a couple of years and did not perform as consistently . perhaps cuisinart has a quality control problem , but we would n't hesitate to buy another one . good luck
1 good value . for the money , i 'm satisfied with this toaster . it 's pretty much a basic toaster
1 love it ! . just what i needed to cut veggies for my daily salads . saw one similar on a popular cooking show but that one was $ 40.00 more ! this works just as well i 'm sure and such a cool color ! it 's easy to find in a drawer or my `` wooden spoon jug '' where i keep all odd utensils . it is a little light weight , but after going through carpal tunnel surgery , i do n't think i need one much heavier . fast shipping and great packaging as well . another great find from amazon
1 a decent ice cream maker . as far as home made ice cream goes , the finnished product turns out pretty good . i would recommend using a mix ( wal mart and k mart sell many mixes at only $ 2 ) though , for it 's much cheaper and tastes better than home made recipies . the only problem is that the ice cream is a little soft when done , otherwise this product is good
1 best softserve we ever had , in our own kitchen ! . i am not sure what the folks who left negative reviews did wrong , but we got it right the very first time and boy did we ever . we made it a family project on a sunday night- my wife , my [ ... ] daughter and myself . we froze the pot over night and all day and got it out sunday evening we poured in our mixture in less than 1/2 hour the alarm sounded , the light turned green , my daughter gleefuly pushed the dispense button and out came delicous vanilla softserve . clean-up not so bad either . we love it . good family project
1 excelent product . product lived up to its listed features . the person who received it as a gift was thrilled with it . thank you
1 nice multi-use wood cutting board . this was exactly as described . inexpensive , dense wood cutting board on one side with a nice pastry board on the other . the wood has an attractive grain that is not out of place on the counter full-time .
1 great product . based on the other reviews posted , i purchased this board and am extremely pleased with it . it 's nice and big for rolling out all kinds of doughs . you may have to make room in your cabinet to store it if you do n't want it on your counter all the time , but it is worth the trouble . also it washes up nicely
1 useful and sturdy . i love having the edge measurements as well as the circular measurments . i wish i had a cabinet big enough for this wonder tool , but like some of my favorite baking sheets , this will have to live on top of the counter . after use , it cleans up very nicely , and a coat of mineral oil makes it look like a million dollars . i 'm very satisfied
1 does the job ! . same lifespan as single brita filters , lower price . only wish the indicator was n't the slowness of the filter
1 another beautiful knife ... these knives rock . i almost have every knife they make and i love them all . especially the bread knife ! the blue fish knife ( how brilliant is that to color code knives ? ) is terrific and showed up just in time for making gravlox this weekend ! oh so worth the money
1 perfect for singles or couples . this is a great little machine for college students and people with apartments . though i would n't recomend it for a family ( get a bigger version ) , it was perfect for me and it 's quick and easy . a great buy and very much exceeded my expectations . i love it
1 winterberry etched glass goblets . i received four of these etched glass goblets for christmas . they are absolutely beautiful and now are my favorite pieces in my set of winterberry pfaltzgraff dishes . they are a must to add to your collection
1 did i what i needed . all i needed was an iron to get the wrinkles out of my cloths for school and this did a very good job . now to be honest , this is the first iron that i 've owned so i do n't have anything to compare it will but none the less , for me , it did it 's job
1 works great . we 've only used them once , so ca n't comment on longevity , but our initial use was great . no odor or fumes as other people have reported . even though we forgot to spray it , the muffins came out clean and easy . the tray is a definite plus ! we got two different roshco silicon pans , and it does seem that baking times and temps may need to be slightly adjusted and is probably what let to some of the complaints people have listed
1 best for baking ! . i was pretty hesitant to try a new baking item , but these muffin pans are wonderful ! the cleanup is super easy , there is no problem getting the baked item to slip out , and i do n't have to worry about rust or tarnish . i would highly recommend this type of new bakeware to anyone who loves to bake , but does n't love to clean
1 henckels steak knives . the knives are great , dishwasher safe , cut beautifully . a bargain at the price . but a nicer , more permanent box would be nice
1 love it ! . i could n't disagree more with the previous reviewer . i purchased the oster milkshake maker and use it almost everyday . three of my sons love their shakes super thick ... the oster had no problem with the amount of ice cream . my other son watches his weight for wrestling , and i just put low-fat milk and a little cocoa and the oster whips up an incredibly thick drink ( usually making a glass and a half ) . if you put in some crushed ice with milk , it also whips up very thick and frothy . i am very pleased
1 nice cleaner -- -bad handle . great product , does what it 's suppose to do . brushes are the best . i have three huskies and it handles the dog hair expertly without clogging up . for being such a heavy , beastly unit , i can not understand why the handle is built for such a petite hand . it should be at least an inch longer so i can actually fit my hand in to it
1 they are hooks ... they hook . they do what they hold themselves out to do . and considering how hard its been finding these items , who can complain
1 corelle dishes . the dishes came quickly and were in perfect condition . the introductory offer of an amazon.com credit card allowed me to get a $ 40 discount and i 've been using it since for the reward points . great doing business with you
1 polder 550 oven thermometer , stainless steel . the name polder keeps appearing in my home ! why ? because they make a great and accurate product ( s ) . polder is my kind of brand ... it does what it 's supposed to do and it 's not overpriced
1 lovely and functional . especially for your guests . but you could use them in your master-bath , of course . the pile and embroidery design is very pretty and very quality looking . i bought towels and hand towels after i was so pleased with the first batch . they are absorbant and the color is a yummy butter-creamy . and , a great buy . what more can you ask for
1 nice looking . i have a few of these wash clothes sitting in my bathroom closet . they 're beautiful in design and give you an excellent clean feeling after you 've used them ( with soap and water , of course ) . looking forward to a shower just got a whole lot better
1 sturdy , durable , colorful , and fits any size butter sticks ! . i 've never had trouble fitting my butter stick in the fiestaware butter dish . never . but the reviewer sho could n't get hers to fit did give me a chuckle
1 another great tool from henckels . i received this cleaver as graduation present when i finished culinary school and i have been thankful ever since . this is a really nice looking cleaver . the handle is excellent . it looks great feels just right in my hand . it has a good weight to it so that i am able to cut through bones and large pieces of meat with no trouble at all . and with a name like henckels you can not go wrong
1 a `` must have '' for every kitchen . i used one of these when i was a teenager working in a pizza joint to scrape dough balls off the pan so i could spin pizza 's . until recently i never knew how versitile these things are . i use it constantly to keep my cutting board clean , scape rememants of one item off before chopping the next , i use the side to smash garlic cloves , use the rounded handle to smooth surfaces , and more . this thing is versatile , not just for baking . for the cheap price of this thing , no kitchen should be without
1 nice pans . i 've used these for a while and they still hold up pretty well . they say not to put them in the dishwasher but i have and the non-stick is holding up fine . the lids fit nice and tight and the handles do n't get too hot - unless you are just taking one of them out of the oven , in that case the handle will be hot . all said i definately recommend these cause : 1 . there is just the right pans for most situations - who really needs 15 pans ? 2 . you get good quality for the money . 3 . the non-stick is terrific
1 great cookware set ! ! . my husband and i bought this cookware set when we first got married and i absolutely love it ! it has a nice weight to it and the base and walls are thick , also the lids fit perfectly . it heats evenly and i never have had any problems with food sticking to them . just make sure you do n't use metal utensils with these or they may scratch the coating , and the only thing i do n't like about these is that the oustide can get stained if you let a pan boil over or put it on a burner that is not clean ( my husband used to put tortillas and bologna on our coil burner and now i have a stain on the bottom of my frying pan ) but i 'm sure a little barkeeper 's will take it out . all in all they 're great and i highly recommend the
1 lovely to use - handy - well made . though these utensils are not recommended for direct use with the cuisinart pots and pans ( they will scrape the finish ) they have a terrific feel to them . they are evenly balanced with a useful machanical advantage . i find them especially functional as serving utensils at the table . this tool set is very well made , each tool has an excellent finish and `` look '' to it , the long handles and super excellent size for dishing out your cooking creations makes them a positive addition to any kitchen . i really use my set and highly recommend this kitchen tool set !
1 23 reviews so far , and all 5 stars ! this is a great product ! . i 'm a single 47 year old guy . i 'm not a great cook . i 've lost 25 # ( am now down to 168 ) and am trying to eat better . this makes it easy ! no more nuking junk food , or frying food covered in fat , just steam it . no more worries about burning things ( the smoke detector used to be my warning that dinner was done ) . i bought the oster 5712 last week . i 've cooked boiled eggs , frozen chicken breast , contessa stir fry frozen oriental dinners and frozen fish in it so far . it rocks ! tonight i 'm going to cook diced chicken breast and wild rice with seasonings in it and i 'm 99.9 % sure it will turn out great even though i 've never tried it before . this baby makes cooking easy . cleaning it is also easy . no burnt food on it , just hot water . for cleaning it 's almost like is has already been soaking in hot dishwater . just a bit of soap and spray it off . as far as price vs functionality this thing is a steal ! - jo
1 great cooking . this product was exactly what i was looking for and now that i have it i am very pleased in the way it works . it is a darn good steamer
1 wonderful . took a few minutes to get the hang of using the rolling pin , after that it became a piece of cake . i love the length , weight and now it is the only rolling pin that i use
1 love this ! ! ! . i wish i would have bought one a long time ago . it is so convenient . easy to clean up . very nice for grinding nuts in a hurry for baking . seems powerful enough for everything i have tried it on . you still need to pull out the big food processor for larger amounts because this only holds 1 cup or so . that would be the only negative . otherwise i love it . great product for the price . $ 14 well spent ! !
1 love this ! . we just bought a new house , and not only is our bedroom the coldest room , we also painted it a blue/grey . my husband did not want to part ways with our old comforter , even though it did n't match the walls . this duvet cover was the perfect solution . it is extremely soft and warm , and the `` windstream '' colored snowflakes match our walls perfectly . i may even keep in on the bed in the summer when we have the a/c going in the room
1 extravagant but really good . the quality of this set is very good . they are useful when you eat crabs.at first i thought maybe it was hard to clean them , but i was wrong . they are easy to use and easy to clean.sometimes i also use the clip to crash the nuts . it works great
1 nice seafood set . this is a very nice seafood set . the oxo brand is always something you can rely on . the only complaint i have about this set is that the cracker is a little bit on the heavy and clunky side
1 better than more expensive designer brands . i bought these in a few colors ( at a higher price ) about a month ago . they were purchased to replace some designer catalog towels that i mistakenly thought would be of better quality . well the designer towels shed about 1/2 their heft in my drier . so here i came to amazon looking for a better alternative . i ordered 3 sets of these and am impressed with their drying ability and their feel . the towels are nice and thick and absorbent ( like a towel should be , right ? ) . the package of six include two sets -- making this an even better deal . i just went back and bought another three sets for use over the holidays with out of town guests . you wo n't be sorry with these . i am tossing my old towels and using these sets almost exclusively
1 great product , very happy . have had this for several weeks . almost stopped using my stove . being a bachelor , somewhere i forgot how much better food tastes broiled or on the spit . have done whole chickens a couple of times , really moist and tender . this is easy to use , and it is a good looking unit . cooking times are consistent . no problems so far . i have not found the fan to be noisy , perhaps that individual just has a bad unit . my folks sent me some of those big elastic bands to use when you are using the spit . those work well too
1 proctor-silex 26500 great waffle maker . i agree with all of the other good reviews . i received my waffle maker yesterday and made waffles this morning . all came out great , from the first to the last . nothing to clean up , just wipe it . i 'm completely satisfied
1 more than one . i have two of these warmers and use them for much more than butter - especially around the holidays . they are heavy duty , which you do n't see by the pciture , and are also great for melting chocolate , cheese , scalding milk , and much more . if you need a smaller pan for cooking project , i stongly recommend this one !
1 amazing . pictures on-line do n't come close to the beauty of the set . the tea pot is large ! the set is worth every penny i paid and then some . i checked other web sites and the price for this set was $ 150 up to $ 225 . buy it , you ca n't find it for less i shopped around prior to making my purchase ! i rate the set a 10+ for the size of the pieces as well as barrons quick shipping of my purchases . all have arrived fast and in excellent , excellent condition . barrons does an outstanding job on their packaging to protect the pieces during shipping
1 fantastic filters . wow ! finally a product that does what it claims to do ; it filters water ! incroyable
1 beautiful and functional . this flatware set is beautiful enough for special occasions but practical enough for everyday family use . we wash it in a dishwasher with no special treatment and it comes out shining everytime . my family love the solid feel of the forks
1 if you have pets and carpet -- this is the shampoo for you ! . this shampoo is not only an excellent carpet cleaner , but the additives that neutralize the pet odors from little accidents work incredibly well . i highly recommend this product
1 great little gadget . i received this grinder as a christmas gift from my son-in-law after my cheapo , cheapo grinder went kaput ! i am surprised at some of the not so happy reviews because we use this grinder every single day , sometimes twice in one day , and it works really well . if the grinder is dedicated for coffee or spices , there 's no need to clean it ( like , with water and soap ; just tap around the outside canister and all the excess residue falls off the edges into the cup/blade area . i really like the grinder , and knowing my luck , this cuisinart will last a long time only because i 've had my eye on a kitchen aid coffee grinder ( to match the rest of my appliances ) and just happened to get this one as a gift . oh well ! but , the grinder is worth the money , and it does what it 's supposed to do . unless you 're the type of person who needs directions on how to breathe , this grinder is a no-brainer : -
1 never had a problem . i had one many years ago and never had a problem . good suction , maybe a little loud , but i do n't care . i liked it so much i 'm trying to get a new one . i do n't recall ever having a problem with it like other reviewers have mentioned -- smoking , etc . it worked well and cleaned well
1 very good . i bought this after reading many reviews and found that they were all in 2 catagories either you loved it or you hated it . i am no exception i really like it . it works like a dream on plush high pile carpets that you ca n't really run a regular vacuum cleaner over . i do n't have any trouble getting it to pick up dirt . the price was great ( less than $ 30 ) and bags and belts are easy to find and inexpensive . it could have a little more suction in the hose for attachments but it still picks up dirt well . the best use i get out of it is the roller brush . the roller is very strong and keeps going even when used on deep pile carpets
1 great helping hand for making doughs ! . this is my third handmixer in a year , finally got something exactly what i wanted . great value and powerful . i highly recommended this product especially for those of u who need it for making different kind of doughs .
1 surprisingly good kitchen shears . i used to sell cutlery and own a range of knives myself , so i have tried many cutlery products from many different brands . in 2003 , i bought these calphalon contemporary shears since i did not own a pair of shears . before i purchased these , i tried a pair of henckels twinshear kitchen shears , and felt that they were not as strong and sharp as i would have liked . i was a little worried about the quality of these shears since they were made in china rather than in germany or japan , even though newer brands such as calphalon and furi are now making far better cutlery than has ever before been made in china . after over a year of using these , i am quite impressed with them . the handles are very comfortable , and the blades are stronger and sharper than the aforementioned henckels shears . most impressively , the blades show very little wear , despite the fact i have certainly used them quite often . also , the handles on these are far better compared to those on the calphalon traditional and stainless shears . in conclusion , i would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a top-quality , reasonably priced set of kitchen shears
1 worth it ! . the price of this pan threw me , but i decided to give it a try since the cookware is so good . the pan is the best i 've ever used . it does n't stick , it cleans up quickly , and it 's true , you can use metal utensils in it . i 've had the pan for almost a year , and it looks , and bakes , as if it 's brand new , even though it is used constantly
1 classic style . fiestaware is timeless . classic shape , classic colors , great quality . the finish is lead-free . the looks are from a bygone era but hold a charm that makes the transition to current styles . great gift ... can always be used . the only drawback i would say is the colors . sometimes it is difficult to match colors to other brands of dishes you may already have
1 do n't be put off by the expense ! . this is a brilliant device and the daddy of pizza wheels , all pizza parlours should buy one or two they would save themselves a fortune ! one spin across the pizza and it 's done ! no repeated to and froing or worse , finishing the job with a knife ! it does not need sharpening either , just as well cos i am clueless as to how on earth you would do that job ! oxo brands are just really really good so start collecting now
1 get this ladle . this all-clad ladle is a beauty you 'll wonder how you ever did without . before i bought this , my drawers held only gravy/sauce ladles . you know , those short little things that 'll fall down inside your pot and your soup . buy one of these and suffer that fate no more ! now that i own this , i truly enjoy preparing big pots of stew or soup . you 'll feel like a real chef when you dish up portions to your family or friends .
1 excellent pan ! . i use calphalon commercial hard anodized and wanted to try out stainless steel . this pan seemed the ideal way to do it , given the price and the manufacturing pedigree ( all-clad ) . the first time i used it i fried ham and scrambled eggs in it using less than 2 tbsp of butter . very little stuck to it , and clean up was about as easy as a non-stick pan . use a dobie pad as recommended and you 'll have no problems . i wo n't trade my calphalon for stainless , but having said that , it looks great , heats evenly , and cooks like a champ . well worth the $ 20 . give it a try and leave the wear-ever non-stick behind
1 very good scale but different model from advertised version . the scale i received from amazon looks the same as the picture for the `` soehnle vera white digital food scale '' but it 's a different model . the one i received uses the cr-2430 lithium battery , not four aas as advertised . also , the product manual is different . the actual manual 's title is `` 67000 - 67007 g/oz , '' not `` 8122/8123 g/oz . '' on the bottom of the scale , there is a number similar to soehnle 's product numbers , 812215 . but i could not find such a product anywhere . fortunately , the maximum weight capacity of this scale is 5000g as advertised . it 's actually about 5280g . the unit of measure is in 1g or 0.05oz increments . weighing items with this scale is very easy . the lcd screen has large 0.5 '' numbers . it has a 2-minute auto shut-off switch , and a supposedly low-battery indication . overall , this is a very good scale and i recommend it if you 're willing to put up with purchasing a lithium battery once in a while
1 great food processor . this is my first food processor and i am thrilled with my cuisinart . it is a perfect size for my needs and very easy to use .
1 bring the wine out . this product provide a couple of interesting issues . the first one : you do n't need electricity to make it work on your table ( no cables on your fancy candle-light-dinner ) ; the second one : it works . all you need is to let it rest in your fridge , and that 's it
1 not deep enough . even though its a 10 '' bowl , its not deep enough for salads
1 corelle . the item is what i expected at this price . i like the shape of the dishes and bowls . my only complaint is that a dessert dish broke in shipping and it took forever for a new one to arrive and it was chipped
1 really helpfull . i have cuisinart dlc-2011 prep 11 plus food processor for about a year and i would n't even think that i could use it so much . i 've got additional discs and i can do anything . it 's fast , it 's reliable , it 's really helpfull . i would probably ish to have a bigger size , but this one is ok and i did n't want to spend more . i 've spent the difference in price on discs and discs holder . p.s . the disc for french fries does n't work for frech fries , but it cuts real nucely for home fries and soop
1 cuisinart is short-sighted . i love my cuisinart prep 11 plus food processor . since i use it for all sorts of cooking , i have purchased all of the disks for it . i do n't want three or four different holders for disks , etc . because i do n't have unlimited closet and counter space . since they sell a complete set of disks why , oh , why do n't they sell a tower ( small footprint ) that will hold all of the attachments . this is short sighted of them . i have friends who have the same gripe . if someone manufactures such a disk holder we would be interested in knowing how to contact that company
1 let me whisk you away . bye whisking you away i froth , foam and easily handle all your whisking problems away . my handle is so secure it will absoutley amaze you with its workability . please try me so i can whisk you into my recipes , now
1 excellent knife set , highly recommend ! . if you prep a lot of fruits and vegetables in your kitchen , this is the set for you . the santoku knife is lighter than a standard chef 's knife . but this is what makes it so wonderful on fruits and vegetables . i have used it to carve prime rib ( just to see how if worked ) and it performed just as well as my chef 's knife , except that it is a little smaller . i find that i use the santoku 90 % of the time in my kitchen . if you are diminutive female , this knife feels right in the hand since it is a little smaller than a standard chef 's knife . i love the blade on this knife . it holds an edge much longer than my non-wustof knives . the paring knife is nothing special . but it does have the same nice hard blade that is on the santoku . you will not be disappointed in this purchase if you love to cook .
1 my son says its the best knife ever ! . i sent this knife to my son who is a baker by profession -- he loves this knife . it does n't mash the bread and cuts through crusty crusts ! i higly recommend it to anyone
1 pretty good down pillow . it 's a pretty good down pillow . it 's well filled and does n't feel too low to me . the label on the pillow itself states minimum 75 % down , but i could n't feel any feathers , so the down quality is decent . the cover is nice and it does n't smell more then any other new down pillow . the pillow is machine washable , so you can wash it to get rid of smell faster
1 awesome ! . i really love these bed sheets . from the moment i got them i put them on my king size bed and i almost did n't want to take them off to wash them . they are very comfortable and of a very good quality . the fitted sheet does have deep pockets indeed so they stay attached to the matress even after several days of use . i am very pleased with this product
1 great way to better health ! . my friend orri suggested the breville 800jexl . my husband , who enjoys dishes to cooking , has become the expert juicer . it 's definitely worth the extra money if you are serious about juicing . remember ... . if you 're in a rush , but want juice , simply wash the breville off and save the soaping for the dishwasher . the clean up is really not bad if you cook and are use to doing dishes . have fun . ginge
1 wonderfull grilling tool . i got this to use with my rotisserie and have ended up using it everywhere i cook meat . its ease of use and ease to clean makes it a favorite in my kitchen tool drawer .
1 anonomous . fabulous ! ! ! i purchased this as a gift for relatives who are very highly educated , worldy , well travelled , serious chefs , who 've enjoyed coffee brewed all over the world ( even antarctica ! ) . needless to say , gift buying for them is tricky ! when they got this , their bodum decanter had just broken , so the timing was perfect ... they love this model ! use it daily ! in fact , they 're so impressed , that they now order it from amazon.com and give it as a wedding gift to newly married couples in their social circle . also note , there is a coordinating sugar and creamer set available for purchase that matches perfectly , holds adequate volumes of sugar and cream , and makes a stunning table display . i already have a few bodum sets , including the stainless steel insulated models , so i wo n't need another fp , but i also will give this frieling model as a wedding/housewarming gift to coffee aficionados .
1 a perfect tea cup for me . i like it 's size , weight , and the fact that it is clear glass so you can see the tea . i keep it warm at my desk with the aid of a coffee cup warmer and one cup will last for several hours . the strainer works flawlessly for me
1 my favorite mug . i have four of these mugs . pros : - keeps coffee hot for a very long time when sealed . - does n't leak . - durable . - carabiner makes it easy to clip onto backpack . cons : - a little inconvenient to clean . - nissan unresponsive about replacement parts . tips : make sure the lid is screwed down snugly , but not too tightly . you want to form a complete seal to prevent leaks and retain heat , but the seal gets tighter as the contents cool and shrink . do n't fill past the raised metal fill-line on the inside of the mug . if you overfill the mug , some liquid will be pushed up into the threads when you screw the lid down , and you wo n't notice until you tip the mug . ( it 's easier to see the line if you fill it beneath an overhead light . ) if you think your mug leaks , you 've probably overfilled it . if you fill it just right , you do n't even have to stir your coffee . just add your sugar , cream , ketchup , or whatever you put in there , seal the lid , and shake the mug to mix it . ( i 've never been able to do this with any other mug ) . when you wash the mug , remember to remove and wash the silicone rubber o-ring . the lid is hollow and can be pried apart with a spoon for cleaning if some liquid seeps inside . if you wash the mug in the dishwasher ( nissan recommends against this ) , remove the plastic base before ( or after ) washing to remove the water that collects in there . if you lose the gasket ( or cut it on a knife in the dishwasher like i did ) , i 've found these to be suitable inexpensive replacements after a lot of hunting around : 228 silicone rubber o-ring 70a durometer , burnt orange , 2-1/4 '' id x 2-1/2 '' od x 1/8 '' w , by small parts inc
1 hot water on demand . great product for a good price . all sent as ordered
1 does not have pump and hose . the previous reviewer was correct . this item does not have the pump and hose for using it without a garden hose . i was easily able to order these parts and the clip to hold the pump from the coleman website . just look at the hot water on demand there and open the replacement parts link . other then that it is still cheaper then coleman and works very well . this will work great in our off the grid camping adventures .
1 the cutest little pitcher . i love this pitcher it sits on my counter all the time.beatiful cobalt blue color , with white inside , really adds something to creamers , wish ... sold the big one i would buy it in a heart beat.great for syrup also
1 great coffee always . we 've had this coffee pot for about 3 months and absolutely love it . once you learn how everything sits correctly you can have great coffee all the time . it 's great having the coffee already in the pot . we get about 4 pots of coffee from what is stored . the only thing i would have liked better was a 12-cup coffee pot . i sometimes find after we have our coffee in the morning and with my husband taking a thermos has me sometimes having to make another pot . it 's no big deal though because it 's so easy . you 'll love it .
1 so far , so good . i purchased this product the day before going on vacation , so i did n't have much time to research . i 've owned it for 28 days , and it 's been working fine so far . i use small pellets , not flakes- so that 's all i can rate it for . it seems to work at the same times every day , and a uniform amount of food appears to drop . it is not quiet , so if it is used in a bedroom , make sure you adjust your feeding times as not to be disturbed while sleeping . i acually do n't mind knowing when it 's running , so if i 'm around i can check on it 's function . time will tell if it 's a great product- but so far , so good . i must change my review- i too had one of the battery contacts break off , and the unit became unreliable . i 'd often have to remove and replace the batteries to get it to work again . i 'd look elsewhere before buying another
1 an excellent product . what i especially appreciate about this mug is that , unlike cheaper stainless steel mugs , this one does not impart a metallic flavor to tea . it really insulates , beverage stays hot for hours while the mug feels cool to the touch . my husband and i each have one . do n't leave home without it
1 miracle whips never been so easy . as a long time critic of kitchen tools and all miracle whip applicators , i was skeptical when i was presented with this device . it uses the same `` scraper/spatula '' design that has been prevalent in the united states since the release of the tupperware model r. at first glance i was not impressed with this tool . it was nothing flashy , although i must admit the red color was quite innovative . but , the real test would have to come when i put it into service . she was n't as stiff as some of the hard plastic models i have tested , but not as floppy as most silicone models i have labored through . i would have to say it was a happy medium . so i dug right in and began making some fried wonton stuffed with miracle whip , and i must say this spatula sparkled . pounds of miracle whip got stuffed into this little asian number , and the spatula never failed . i knock off one point for the simple fact , that they do n't offer a miracle whip branded version of this spatula . now that would be really nice . also , not quite strong enough to be used a tactical weapon , but quite suitable as a disciplinary tool
1 nice waffle makes . this one works great . i had a square krupps waffle maker before and this one is ten times better ... .cooks better , heats faster , looks better , and the audible ready alert is great . i saw this one on good eats on food network , and i am thrilled that i have this one ... .exactly what i wanted
1 fast efficient meat grinder . until i purchased this meat grinder , i was grinding with a manual one . it was a chore to set up and clean up . the pro mg-800 professional meat grinder made the grinding easy . it does not have to be clamped on the table . ground meat comes out nicely into a bowl underneath . easy clean up , fast speed , three blades interchangeable for the grinding . i am totally happy with the product i purchased . also , on top of being an efficient grinder it is very compact that does not take much space for storing . the advantage of having a grinder is i can grind my preferred cut anytime and know what went into the ground meat
1 a bar favourite ! . tired of those metal cocktail shakers where the top refuses to open when you go to clean it ? the vacuum that occurs with the metal variety has happened to us on every model we 've tried . the boston cocktail shaker does not have this problem . we had no difficulty whatsoever with a tight seal on the first try and have had no leakage problems . the only drawback ( very minor ) is that the measurement lines do not go all the way to the bottom of the glass . so if you 're measuring out small quantities of liquor , you still need to use a jigger . other than that , it is very easy to use and clean . top rating for this bar helper
1 great all around pan . my dad originally bought one of these woks from lodge and we use it for everything . we can brown all sorts of meats for varying dishes . for stir-frying it is incredible , nothing sticks to it and we do n't have to worry about even cooking . i have recently purchased one for myself and i could n't be happier with it . at less than 50 is is a great bargain . another great use for it is deep frying . it is a tad heavy so do not try to pick it up and serve because it will very easily slip from your hands . overall my favorite cooking tool ever
1 absolutely beautiful cookware . i bought the 14 piece set for my parents and then added this pan to their collection . they just love it . it is so nice that my mom does n't even bother to put food in a serving dish , she just sits this pan on the table when we have company . it is so regal and incredibly well made . it always looks beautiful . the other thing i like is that the handles and bottom of the pan are stamped cuisinart so everyone knows this is a quality item . i 'm very happy with my purchase
1 vin pineapple easy slicer . i bought 3 of these . they are great . easy to use , easy to clean and they work . after buying one i ordered 2 more for gifts and both of those people who recieved them also loved them .
1 excellent product , and i received it free ! . this is a great product , and you can get it , along with any other products on amazon up to $ 500 free ! participate in a special promotion and get a free $ 500 amazon gift card at this web site : ilikethis.info/amazo
1 very functional . i like these lid covers as they fit very well . i have always had a hard time with plastic wrap sticking , or aluminum foil tearing . i would recommend this if you need to store your recipes for a bit before serving them . i also like the sturdiness of these lids as it does not allow flavors to mix when you put them in the refrigerator
1 kitchenaid always has what you need ... there is n't much you say about a plasic cover , but i 'll try ... these covers fit securely over the bowl for kepting whatever you 're mixing fresh . you can also store anything in it like it was a tuperware ( spelling ? ) item . i 'd recomend having them around , because you 'll use them ! these are for the 4 1/2 quart bowl and are dishwasher safe
1 fantastic idea ! . this thing is wonderful . i 've enjoyed one since my first home and it makes a tremendous difference- esp . if you rent and do n't have any control over the kind of tub you have .
1 5 stars for the price ! . i bought this sheet set almost 5 months ago and they have actually become my favorite sheets . i have several sets , and many of them were quite exepensive , but i always seem to reach for these sheets . the only time we use another set is when we are washing these . they are very soft and stretchy ( not too stretchy ) and wash up so nice ( they hold the dryer warmth so well ) ! this set has been great during the summer and i think will also be great during the colder months with a heavier blanket . you could n't get a better set anywhere near this price !
1 perfect choice . my teapot arrived from amazon very quickly and i was very pleased with my first purchase . it is just the right size for me as i usually make two or three cups . even though it could hold more , it is not too large for a smaller amount . the tea does not drip when poured . . . thank goodness ! the one i had before consistently dripped so my reason for getting a new one . this one also fits well in my hand , and i love the fact that you can microwave it if you need to heat up a bit . overall , i would say it is quite lovely and and high quality
1 teapot . item exactly as promised . was a gift for dad 's new wife . she was very happy with it
1 this spoon is awesome . even if entering the kitchen gives you hives , this spoon can make it easier . it 's balanced , easy to use and easy to clean and store . it goes from the cooktop to serving in a contemporary fashion ... without spilling , breaking like some of the el-cheapo brands . if you care for this spoon - it will serve you well for many years . my first one - i used to death and it died only as a result of an accident with ( in ? ) the blender . been searching for one ever since to replace - and at this price i am buying several
1 great styling , does the job ! . this is a great product , not only does it boil water fast , it is easy to fill and use , and pours beautifully
1 happy with purchace . very nice , beats flimsy plastic . i have broken or otherwise worn out parts of plastic measuring sets . these will probably outlast me
1 multi-purpose equipment ! ! ! . i bought this for chinese / japanese style hotpot . it turned out to be a fabulous hotpot ( fast boiling time ) and an excellent grill ! although there are no grill grids , my korean bbq and cajun shrimps turned out wonderful ! ! ! i have used this pot extensively ( once or twice a week ) for the past three months and it continues to perform superbly
1 love them ! ! ! . i have had these pans for five years now and i use them almost every night . i have never had any problems with them and they cook the food very evenly . i would highly recommend them .
1 great every day . this thing is a workhorse ... i use it every day . mine 's been going strong for over five years now . i just wish they 'd bring back the translucent colors . i love being able to see at a glance whether the kettle has water in it or not . with the current opaque black or white models that 's not possible .
1 love the little packets ! . i have made yogurt with a few tablespoons from the super market or with a previous batch , but sometimes i sweeten the whole batch with honey and forget to reserve some of the good stuff . i probably use these every other batch or so now . when i first started making yogurt , using these packets allowed me to vary the time and/or add powdered milk until i found my perfect batch ! i do n't add powdered milk - it makes it thicker but more tart and i prefer it a bit thinner after getting addicted to it in europe last year . this is the perfect tool for newbies - and a cupboard staple for the more seasoned yogurt-heads
1 great , but buy elsewhere . the kitchenaid professional 5 plus ( kv25g0x ) is a great product , but you should buy it elsewhere . we ordered it from amazon , and got the commercial ( km25g0x ) instead . we did not want that , so contacted customer service . they said they 'd exchange it , but they sent us another km25g0x . no good , obviously . then , the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse , so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise . they said they sometimes substituted similar products . great . at this point we gave up , and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
1 well made at a good price . it 's common to see these steamers all over the place and from amazon 's display , this certainly did n't look any different . what made me decide to get this was the price and when i opened the box and examined it , i was pleased to find how well-made this item is
1 i 'm so pleased with this cleaner ! . we have a new puppy and i bought this cleaner . when i read the negative reviews i almost returned it unopened . for some reason i decided to try it . i had just rented an industrial sized rug doctor about three weeks ago to do my carpets . i just wanted to try this to see how it would do . the dirt and dog hair i got out was amazing . it was very easy to put together and to use . i recently had shoulder surgery and this was very easy to operate with one arm ! thank you so much
1 fantastic , well worth the money . i love to spend my time in the kitchen , but what i do n't like to spend is obscene amounts of money . if i 'm going to buy something i 'd like to buy high quality so that i do n't have to go buy it in a year or two . i kind of balked at the price - i found plenty of measuring spoon sets for a third of the cost of this stainless steel set . but after receiving it and using it , i do n't regret the extra money at all . this set has been more than faithful to me in the time i 've had it - it 's dependable , i can toss it into the dishwasher with no fears and the labels wo n't rub off . i 'm not afraid of abusing this set ; it 's stood up to my frantic mad dashes around the kitchen from the cookie dough to the spaghetti sauce . if your old set has worn down to nothing and you 're looking for something that will stay in your kitchen longer and more faithfully than you will -- this is the set for you .
1 powerful machine . after years of trying to make smoothies in a regular blender , and having to stop and stir , and stop and stir , and worry about burning out the motor , we now do n't have to worry any more . even when all of the fruit we add is frozen , this machine grinds , chops , and smooths with impressive power . it 's fairly easy to clean , provided you do n't wait for days , and has a handy pouring valve thing . a few recipes are included
1 real quality . i am so pleased with these sheets . prior to this purchase , the most thread count i had in my sheets was 600 . these 1000-thread-count sheets are much more luxurious . in addition to the thread-count quality , these sheets fit my bed better , are wider and deeper than my other sheets . they cover my thick mattress with sheet to spare
1 cusinart , good quality . this is my second dlc-10 . the only reason for replacement is because the bowl cracked and it became cost effective to just make a machine rerplacement . i have all the disks and such and like the machine very much as i have had it for 20 years
1 great foodprocessor . the processor works terrific ! it saves us much time everyday . one minor problem is some foods get stuck between the cover and the blade and can not be processed
1 good measuring cup . after reading some of the reviews , i was somewhat reluctant to buy this product , but it went on sale at $ 3.99 , and i decided to risk it . it measures up the the quality and function of most oxo products . the measurements on the side and inside are completely accurate , which is different from what some have described . i like the cup better than my pyrex ones for dry and cold liquid products , but being plastic , it can not be used for hot products that contain grease or oil . the handle is ergonomically designed and is easy to scoop flour , sugar , beans , or other bulk products . the only negative is that you have to have another measuring cup for hot , greasy products
1 not bad ! . it 's sort of cheap , but it works quite well . the water comes out clean , with no odd taste ( which some filter systems can do )
1 wonderful le creuset french oven . this is the best french oven i have ever used . it cooks evenly and cleans easily . while it is very heavy , that must add to the excellence of its cooking and that 's what i wanted . no complaints . 5 stars
1 excellent for years . i am buying a replacement that i had for 15 years . it still works but the light went off . i never thought they were still making it . i tried recently 2 other brands that did not make it 1 month paid around $ 25 . i gave up , i was still using my old westclck until today when i found this one on amazon .
1 great for a big family ! . we have a large family and we use our electric skillet a lot . in the past we have purchased the cheaper versions from wal-mart . they do n't heat evenly , and we were constantly replacing them because the cheap plastic legs or handles would break . the cuisinart csk-150 1500-watt nonstick oval electric skillet is awesome ! ! the cooking area is huge ( we can cook 6 pancakes at a time easily ) and the cooking surface heats up evenly . it is very heavy , so it does n't scoot around on the counter . nice metal handles an base . glass lid is also very sturdy with a steam vent . it is very beautiful and functional . because of the quality of the construction , i believe it will last our family for many years . i have not previously recommended any item online before , but i highly recommend this item
1 the best ever ! . i have owned this can opener now for several months and it is by far the best can opener i have ever owned . i have had probably 10 electric openers in my lifetime , but this is just wonderful . it is smooth , super easy to attach the can , quiet , and does not splatter the contents of the can all over the opener when it 's done cutting like all the other did ! ! ! the detachable parts make it sanitary too , you can put it in the dishwasher ! i ca n't say enough about this opener ... .you will not be disappointed ! !
1 can spam . hey , not to be too redundant but this really is a good can opener . i have no problems with it , my wife , who always has problems with can openers has `` some '' problems `` sometimes '' using it but as she never could get any of the others to ever work this is a big improvement . the knife sharpener is an okay touch , however , if you have good knives i would n't use it . i sharpen by hand with an `` edge pro '' but hey , it 's a can opener . it will sharpen a knife i just would n't put my $ 100 schaaf `` golden hamster '' through , maybe my chicago for a quick fix
1 great set of knives . i 've never had a `` nice '' set of knives before . these are great ! they have a nice feel in my hands . the only reason i did n't give them a 5 star rating is because the kitchen scissors do not come apart . the scissors i bought at smart and final come apart for easy washing and drying
1 accept no substitutes . a dutch oven is one of the most versatile items you can find . many people i know are intimidated by cooking with dutch ovens , but when you take a few minutes to learn how , you can use it to cook anything ! it can be used with variety of foods : stews , cakes , cobblers , breads , poultry , vegetables ( basically anything you make in a conventional oven ) . if you happen to forget to pack your skillet when you go camping , turn over the lid and put it back on the dutch oven . voila ! instant skillet-type cooking surface ! additionally , this smaller dutch oven stacks well with the 12-inch version , so you can cook more than one course at a time ! having used a variety of dutch ovens in my life , i can tell you for sure , lodge dutch ovens are the best . they are durable and well-crafted . if you have ever had the experience of cooking with a dutch oven that was not a lodge , you will know what i mean . you should look for a dutch oven that has a lip on the lid for keeping coals on , and sturdy legs , to keep from crushing the coals . lodge dutch ovens have these features , and are made of quality cast iron . lodge also has many accessories for cooking , such as lid lifters and lid rests , inserts for muffins , etc . dutch ovens make a great gift for the camper in your life . highly reccommended
1 a review not from a seller . the other review is so obviously someone from sentry that i thought i 'd add my two cents . my house has n't burned down so i do n't know if this works , but i 've read other articles that say it does . it is heavy ( since the foam contains water to evaporate and dissipate heat in a fire ) , and there is no rubber grips on the bottom , so it can slide around a lot . it 's a lot cheaper and more convient than renting a safety deposit box .
1 good value fire protection . sentry insulated chest every household should have some method of protecting things like birth certificates , deeds , wills , stocks , bonds , and other valuables . pros : - inexpensive box helps keeps your valuables `` safe '' from fire , kids , and nosey adults . - attractive ; has nice handle ; no sharp edges . - excellent value for the money . cons : - flat key model ( sen1100 ) has a rather cheap-looking lock mechanism . - it weighs nearly 20 pounds , but that 's because the walls are 1 '' thick and fire-resistant material is n't light . go to sentrysafe dot com to view all the sentry offerings . my advice is to buy the sentry model 2100 rather than this model ( sen1100 ) . the 2100 has a better ( tubular key ) lock , but only costs a few dollars more . ( staples dot com sells the 2100 . ) sentry rates these boxes as follows : 1100 - ul classified - 30 minute fire protection 2100 - etl verified for 30 minute fire protection of cds and dvds up to 1550 degrees f no small fire-box is particularly theft resistant . even if bolted down , a lid could be forced opened with tools . in addition , although the 2100 's fire rating is higher than the 1100 , many non-portable safes offer better fire ratings . they are also larger and far more expensive . for better protection , you 'd need to spend more money , but a sentry chest is much better than doing nothing . i use mine to store dvd backups of computer files . the sentry chest is kept inside a large , fire-resistant safe . hopefully , this double protection will do the job if there is ever a fire . dvd and other computer media will be destroyed at much lower temperatures than paper . i 'm a retired federal employee and have no connection whatever to any manufacturer of any product
1 lovely , really lovely ... enjoy your sleeping hours in quality sheets with beautiful butterflies embroidered on the pillow cases and top sheets..an awesome deal for yourself or a gift for someone you want to bless
1 conducts heat really well . this set conducts heat really well and everything heats up fast but be careful not to burn anything which i did the first time using it . also it takes a bit of scrubbing if you burn it bt other than that it 's a great product
1 used for freezing baby food . i know these got poor reviews , as ice cube trays . but i used them to freeze my baby 's homemade fruits and veggies and they worked great . the lids were a little tricky at first , but as long as you do n't overfill them , you 'll have no problems removing the lids . a couple twists of the tray , and the food cubes slid right out ! they were much cheaper than trays marketed specifically for freezing baby food
1 wife loves it . i got this for my wife for her birthday and she loves it . no more staining other spatula 's or spoons
1 always wanted one of these ! ! . so when it came up on my gold box offers , i knew i had to have it ! it is great ! beautiful , sleek and also useful ! it looks great in my yellow kitchen too ! the pitcher is heavy duty without feeling too heavy . makes a nice piece on your table during that special dinner at home
1 great camp cookware addition . i cooked 2 cobblers for our scout troop that even the pickiest eater was coming back for more.terrific piece for any campers , practically a must have
1 for a big cup of coffee or tea , this one is really nice ! . i am very impressed with the feel and size of this mug . it has a smooth feel , and keeps the coffee/tea hot/warm . i ordered one , but will probably be ordering more ! nice ! : o
1 bodum pavina double wall cooler/beer glass , set of 2 . these bodum glasses are simply amazing . there 's no other way to describe a glass out of which i can have my coffee in the morning and ice cold liquids at night . the added bonus is that liquid of any kind becomes a work of art in these glasses . the liquid is suspended in space , and to top off the experience , the glasses never sweat and they never feel hot or cold to the touch . totally awesome ... worthy of more than 5 stars
1 because a one that is n't cold is scarcely a one at all . no picture can really do these glasses justice . they have nothing aesthetic in common with any other double-walled cup i 've ever seen -- elegant , minimalist , super clear and light as a feather . they really keep stuff cold ( or hot , as the case may be ) . they 're even dishwasher safe . however , they are remarkably fragile . i accidentally rapped a spoon on the lip of one and within half an hour , the little crack had spread and the glass was in fragments . but if you 're careful with them and keep them away from kids , animals , and , apparently , me , they will serve you well
1 large and plush . i ordered these towels in two colors mainly because the price was right . but when they arrived i was so pleased . they 're larger than i expected and very plush . i 've washed them several times and they look as good as when i first opened them . it 's really nice to finally have towels that actually dry you off
1 fabulous deal , great towels , nice and big , no fuzzies . these towels are great ! i was surprised how large they are , but it 's been a while since i bought towels , maybe all new towels are really big . these towels are so absorbent , it 's hard to tell when they 've been used because the water just seems to disappear . and soft , soft , soft ... brand new out of the box they feel great . again , they 're big , so a litle heavy , but they are wonderful . these are an amazing bargain and feel very luxurious . i do n't know what towels those other reviewers said resulted in fuzzies , they must have been referring to another product , these towels are awesome , no fuzzies , they are very well made
1 the best value i have seen . i have used every major brand of cutlery and i can tell you there is no better value than analon knives . i have been cooking and managing restuarants for over 30 years and i have found that the $ 100 knives are no better than thr $ 25 ones . the analon product looks and feels just as nice as the most expnesive brands out there and is one third the price . try them you will love them . i might add that all knives have to be reground from time to time as the edge will become blunt and no sharpener will restore it . when this happens find a local grinding service and have them restored . a good knife can last you a lifetime if you take care of it happy chopping mik
1 great substitute for henckels . if you like knives that hold their edge , have good balance , and feel more expensive than they really are , this knife 's a smart purchase . we bought ours with the intent to get henckels . my husband loves to cook and i have demanding standards for tools in my kitchen , especially knives . anolon were half the price and every bit as good . as their reputation spreads , the prices seem to be going consistently up .
1 fantastic ! . we looked in all the local brick and mortar stores for a quality holder with no luck . even though we were skeptical ordering online , this product far exceeded our expectations . do not hesitate , it is well worth the asking price
1 this thing is so cool ! . everyone who comes in and sees this just loves it . i 'm getting several for christmas presents this years to give to all my friends . i mounted mine over the sink because that is where i do most of my slicing and dicing . it also keeps my knives sharper because you 're not sliding them in and out of the wood blocks . it even holds my knife sharpener
1 do n't put it in the freezer and the blade assembly wo n't break . enough said . do n't put a frozen jar on the base and you wo n't have to replace the blade assembly . i am sure the owners manual says that someplace . my kitchen aid became unusable because replacement blades were not available 16 months after i purchased it . are n't you glad you could purchase the replacement part ? my story : my son put his leftover smoothie into the freezer , jar and all . the next day when he took the jar out of the freezer and put it on the kitchen aid blender , the motor broke the blade assembly . the motor base was still good and i liked the blender . kitchen aid changed their model and did n't make replacement parts . i think it is unreasonable for a manufacturer to not have replacement parts available after just 16 months . ( ... ) ! i ca n't say enough good things about the quality and ease of use of my cuisinart blender . the jar 's shape helps the food move and mix better than a round jar . the jar 's size is larger than any i have found . i pour from the corner of the jar if the mix is too thick to pour from the spout ( which i concede is a little wide ) . the weight keeps the blender in place . the shipping weight is around 15 lbs is that too heavy ? maybe you should skip the smoothies and switch to a muscle building drink . most every quality blender has weight to it . the plastic units are light and considered disposable . keep buying those $ 30 disposable blenders if you want , however i 'll keep my cuisinart ! the three year warranty and cuisinart 's backing keep us , the consumer , in parts when we do something stupid ( like putting the frozen smoothie mix on the blender and breaking the blade assembly ) . ( ... ) replacement blade assembly is cheaper than being forced to purchase a new blender ( kitchen aid ) . buy the cuisinart a great value for a quality product .
1 great press . awesome garlic press for a great price . no need to peel garlic and it 's easy to clean
1 excellent product , and i received it free ! . this is a great product , and you can get it , along with any other products on amazon up to $ 500 free ! participate in this special promotion and get a free $ 500 amazon gift card at this web site : stuffnocost.com/amazo
1 my mom loved it . the clock is attractive , well-made , easy to mount and a good buy for the money
1 outstanding knife set ! . these knives are excellent quality . they hold an edge and are well balanced . this oxo set is a real bargain . other than a butcher knife , this set is all most households will ever need . it 's is a natural for a wedding gift
1 great beer mugs ! . these are great beer mugs ! i ordered 4 sets of them for myself and 2 for my brother . the first thing i noticed when i received them was that they were thick and heavy . the bottom is n't completely solid , but has space for a small pocket of air when it 's sitting on the counter . it 's inconsequential though , because the glass in these mugs is as thick as you would want any of your thick glass beer mugs . when i saw how nice they were , i actually went back online and bought 2 more and their margarita set which was also rediculously cheap ( $ 15 for 6 glasses and a picher ) . i 've been recomending these mugs to all my friends that drink
1 kitchenaid flat beater replacement . it was just what i needed . i inherited the mixer but it did n't have the beater . so now i have one and it works perfectly
1 terrific product . this size is perfect for actually using . it gets thrown into the dishwasher and gets used every day . love it
1 beautiful heavy dishes . these dishes are beautiful and very nice quality , i will be buying more
1 affordable quality . firstly , i am into high quality at an affordable price , so i thank cuisanart for providing just that in all of their cookware . two-quarters are the most handy in my kitchen and at least one non-stick needs to be available . i use mine more and more just for the ease of clean-up . the interior finish seems durable and shows no signs of damage . i would expect it to last a very long time with reasonable care . the price is great for the quality ; you 'll be pleased with your purchase .
1 great scale . this scale has worked perfectly for me for the last year or so . it is very easy to use . it looks great and has a permanent place on our counter . i wish all consumer electronic products were designed and built to the same standards as this scale
1 decent quality . decent price . cant go wrong . theres not alot i can say about measuring spoons really . they are made to a high standard , durable , easy to clean and dishwasher safe . at this price i dont see why you would need to pay more for a set of measuring spoons unless it was for decorative reasons
1 fantastic ! . the zyliss ice cream scoop cuts through the hardest ice cream , which means i no longer have to wait for hubby to get home to have a scoop !
1 does what it says ! . listen to those other reviewers who have sung the praises of this scoop ! the zyliss scoop goes through cold ice cream very well and literally drops off the scoop into the bowl . well worth the money . how nice to have a tool that works well . like others , i 've tried many scoops that did not work - frustrating ! ! do yourself a favor : stop bending your soup spoons and get a zyliss ice cream scoop .
1 microwave egg boiler . it works great , and it 's small ( 6 '' high , 5 '' diameter ) and easy to use . may require some experimentation to get times correct for your own microwave . for me : 7 minutes for soft , 8 min for medium , and 9-10 min for hard eggs on high power ( 700w microwave ) . it does get very hot , so you need to remove it from the microwave with a potholder or towel . i place the whole thing under the cold tap , then remove the top , and cool the eggs under running water for a minute before peeling
1 oxo does it again . oxo designs great products and this is no exception . it does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top . i just do n't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it 's meant to do with ease . i liked it so much , i bought one for my aunt . before this , i made mashed potatoes with a masher ; the difference is unbelievable . i kept my masher because i 'm a southern girl and sometimes i want lumpy mashed potatoes . this is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher
1 get it on sale ! . i ordered this when it way below thirty bucks ; a great deal for a workhorse of a fan . in the heat of the last month , it 's been going almost 24 hours a day , and it 's not slowed down or stopped yet . it 's a bit noisier than the vornado i have in the bedroom , but on the other hand , it 's a stronger fan . i watch television in the same room , and do n't have any problem , so unless you 're extremely sensitive to sound , it 's fine . be careful moving it around ; the `` head '' of the fan tends to come off the base if you are n't paying attention . it locks in place when you put it down , but moving it seems to make it `` unlock . ''
1 big and useful . initially i was very surprised by how large the tools were . they are much bigger than any tool i 've bought previously . if you do n't have much space in the kitchen , i 'd think twice about buying these tools . however , after using them i think they are quite sturdy and useful . eventhough they are large , they are not heavy and sometimes there size is quite helpful . you can pick up a whole fried egg with the spatula , for example . i am happy with my purchace , because the price was good
1 very nicely-built aebleskiver pan . i 've been cooking aebleskivers for several years in an excellent no-name cast iron pan that i bought in solvang ten years ago . it is very well broken in with a smooth non-stick patina in all seven indents . i want to teach my sons how to cook aebleskivers themselves because they will be out on their own soon , and it never hurts to be able to attract a woman who loves danish delicacies ! therefore , i have been looking to buy some additional aebleskiver pans and i was excited to see this new pan from lodge , so i ordered one to give it a try . i like the design a lot and am impressed with how it heats up quickly and holds it 's temperature nicely . the first batch of aebleskivers had some sticking , but i expected that . i will need to use it a lot more before it has the same non-stick surfaces as my old pan ( no , it 's not for sale ! ) , but i can tell that this pan will get there with use . by the way , i 've found that there are many recipes for aebleskivers and several different techniques for cooking them . i 'm sure that they all will work well with some practice , but i 'll describe the one that i 've settled on , because it is so easy : heat the pan at a medium-low setting . take about two cups of prepared pancake mix ( i use krusteaz buttermilk ) and add a couple of teaspoons of sugar . mix it in and stir in enough cold water to make the consistency about the same as you would for drop bisquits . do n't overmix it and let it sit for awhile to rise a bit before you cook it . put a little butter or margerine in each indent and add about a teaspoonful of batter to each indent ( if you 're new to aebleskivers , i recommend trying only three at once . ) i then drizzle a little butter on the edges of each indent . after about a minute , i use a knitting needle ( or chopstick ) to turn each aebleskiver one quarter turn . i add a little more butter and then turn them so the round side is up . i keep turning them with a spoon until they 're done . ( you 'll just have to break one of them open to check , because it 's dependent on your batter and temperature . ) once you get it down ( usually after a few rejects ) , serve them in threes on a small plate with thinned out raspberry jam and powdered sugar . once you eat them , you 'll understand why people go through all this just to make a pancake that looks like a racquetball !
1 5 years and still going strong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . i 've had this can opener 4 more than 5 years and have never had a problem ! ! ! i even let my 4-year old niece use it when she stays with me and helps me cook . never have 2 worry about anything with this one
1 the secret to success ! ! ! . this is a wonderful can opener ! ! ! i would n't have any other . the trick to having perfectly cut edges is to let the can spin around twice . i hold onto the can so that when it starts making its second round , i tighten my grip a little and the moment the lid comes lose it starts spinning . i have noticed that if i buy the dirt cheap , no name vegetables at the dollar store , the opener has difficulty . i guess one should blame the can and not the opener . it is a small price to pay for having such a safe appliance around . but then my opener is a couple years old so maybe my blade is just wearing out ... if there is no replacement blade , you can bet i will buy another can opener just like this , and if i have to , on ebay ! i am sure this new technology has saved more than one lost or stray animal digging at the landfill or in the alley for a morsel of food . i just could n't bear the thought of someone 's lost puppy or an abandoned cat getting his tongue cut . those old can openers are just plain dangerous . call me a bleeding heart but it matters . it 's not like my own pet could n't knock the trash over when i 'm gone and end up cutting themselves on one of those old fashioned , razor sharp lids . there are both elderly and child relatives in my house all the time and i just do n't feel safe with those old tin cutters around . all it takes is a little patience with new technology and using this can opener on more than just a couple cans to get the hang of it . there is no need to slam this appliance on the counter or floor . that 's rediculous . as far as oversized cans , that 's not what this was made for .
1 wow ! . i have to admit that i was surprised when the rolling pin arrived . i 'm used to oxo quality , but this is over the top . it is a big rolling pin , with an ideal diameter . it is also heavy . it 's heft helps keep it where it belongs , instead of bouncing around on the dough and making you work harder . it has a strong axle , which glides remarkably smoothly , even when the pressure is on . the hard non stick surface works very well , and does not pick up butter grease like some other coatings . the handles are simply the best i have have encountered . this is a very well designed kitchen tool that fully lives up to the and quot ; good grips and quot ; promise of quality
1 best lunch box ever - hot food stays hot for hours ! ! ! . i had seen my japanese coworkers carry this thing to work . it 's a great lunch bag ! beats brown bagging , because hot foods stay hot , and cold foods stay cold . i finally bought one because of the ease of use , did n't want to keep paying $ $ $ for hot lunches , and i can always bring my favorite foods . the bottom container is the only leakproof container . ( that is my only gripe . ) i usually put soup in here . the other containers will hold things without sauces very well . it 's great because it allows for a large variety of foods ( better nutrition ) . i have used bento lunch boxes since i was kid , and this is the best for adults . i like asian food , and this type of lunch box accomodates the best . if you want to fill hot food , then pour in hot water in the containers for 10 minutes , let it get warm . pour out the water , dry . then fill . if you want ice cold food , put in freezer for 10 minutes , then put food in . they also make bigger versions for larger appetites and another smaller one for small appetites . they really do stay hot . once i had to take a very late lunch , i packed it at 7am , and at 2:30pm the food was still hot . no more waiting in line to microwave your lunch ! ! !
1 cookie sheet . they are working well so far . they stain a little when grease gets on them
1 love this bakeware . this makes baking so much easier , things just pop right out . the light weight and noiselessness of the product make this a real winner . baking just keeps getting easier and easier . i have replaced all my bakeware possible with these silicone bakeware items . i love them
1 cooking can be easy ! ! ! . when i decided to buy this oven , i was not even looking to buy a convection toaster oven . i stumbled across this item looking for cookware . i read all the reviews , thought about it a few days and then decided to just buy it . boy , am i glad that i did ! ! ! and so is my family . the day we received it , i cooked muffins for my daughter and her friend for a snack . extremely easy . all i needed was six muffins and the oven did just that for me . since then , we have cooked more muffins , a meatloaf , bacon , toast , english muffins , chicken strips , waffles and bratwurst . my kitchen does n't heat up like when i use my regular oven and the food has turned out better than when cooked in the regular oven . it was so easy for my husband to use this also while i was shopping and i just gave him a 15 second class before i left . i did n't notice any smoking when cooking meat or any of the other foods . this is my first convection toaster oven , which has replaced the microwave and toaster , and i can assure you we expect to use this oven alot . i love the design , the warming tray does just that , even when you have something else cooking you can throw buns or anything else up top to keep warm . it 's great ! the oven is big enough to cook meatloaf or chicken breasts and yet is not so monstrous that you lose your entire counter for one appliance . i would recommend this to anyone . what a great idea for the kitchen
1 1/2 toaster , 1/2 oven . very good buy for $ 85 +free ship . bought this one to replace a smaller black and decker toaster oven that served us very well over 5-6 years until controls gave out ( the b and d still works , just have to keep the button pressed in ) . i looked at reviews of several toaster ovens before purchasing the t-fal . the less expensive ones ( $ 25- $ 40 ) were getting dinged because of occasional mentions of overheating or fire risk . not worth the chance . i also wanted something as small as possible because we have little counter space in our 10 ' x 10 ' kitchen , so a more expensive one was not an option . the t-fal gave dimensions on amazon and it was 3 inch wider , deeper , taller than our b and d. no big deal - wrong . it was bigger than i thought when i put it on the counter , looked like a monster compared to the b and d. also , i could not open the top warmer lid to the point it stays open . this because of height restrictions -- bottom of my kitchen cabinet is at about 54 - 60 inches . i can open the top , but i need to hold it open . my fault , not the product or mfr . but be aware that size matters in a small kitchen . the function buttons are very simple , nothing complicated - one button for toast , one for bake , another for broil . you can set how long it stays on , and it beeps ( electronically ) three times when it shuts off . there is a clock , but it could be easier to set . i mainly use it to toast bread , bagels , sandwiches and to bake small pizzas ( sauce with cheese on a pita - easy ) . the toast function takes longer than the old b and d ( about 4.5 vs 2 minutes ) , but thats ok by me . the bake function works very well , i prefer it muchly over starting the oven to bake something small . clean-up is a snap with a removeable crumb tray , glass doors and non-stick surfaces . negatives : you can pull the rack out about 30-40 percent before it tips forward and burns you . it 's controllable , not a big deal , unless you do n't know about it . i did know thanks to previous reviews and i was prepared for it . the fan was louder than i expected ( i expected no noise since the b and d has no fan ) . but it is a soft sound , lower than my computer fan and only on during cooking . overall , it 's a well built , well-designed machine .
1 a little too helpful . . . overall this is a fine scale . one `` convenient '' feature is an auto zero function . if the scale has been tared and the tare weight removed , rather than displaying a negative weight , the scale automatically re-zeros . this may be handy most of the time , but sometimes it 's a pain . with my old scale , i could tare a partially filled bowl , remove the bowl from the scale , add more goodies , and place it back on the scale to determine the weight of the additional material . that does n't work with this scale -- it rezeros when a tared weight is removed
1 the round ones . i hope these things are airtight because i just bought my fourth set . i do n't buy the freezer storage containers because i own these . they can be used in cooking and freezing so i save on pricey disposable freezer bags . the little ones i use to store one package each of corn starch , yeast , baking powder , baking soda , three hamburger patties and to prepare , freeze and bake individual sized servings of salmon fillets . the medium ones and the large ones are for leftovers , soup fixings , freezer meals , steaming chicken , fruit salad et al . i 'm ten percent tempted to try out the rectangular ones because some foods i do n't want to freeze in a stack but i do n't think i would get as much use out of them as i do these round ones . i really would like to buy a fifth set but i wo n't . i rarely have more than one or two empty ones to spare . these get used all the time . i really did n't like using plastic wrap or aluminum foil to refrigerate food . these lids are more secure and therefore i am less stressed
1 love this rice cooker ! . it does the job , cook my sushi rice perfectly and no burn . so much better than my old black and decker
1 completly satisfied . i could n't be more satisfied if my stock pot had cost 10 times as much
1 a great buy ! . the aerobed premier raised queen sized bed is a godsend . due to a disability , i needed a raised bed that would allow me the convenience of a somewhat normal height bed , so my husband and i could camp with other family members at a recent family reunion . the aerobed premier raised not only afforded me that ability , but also provided a surprisingly comfortable night 's sleep as well . the bed is made of the highest quality material , and did not lose any air . i needed a dependable product , as i would not have tried this with a cheap airbed . i got all that i wanted in purchasing the aerobed premier raised queen sized bed , plus i now have a comfortable extra bed for overnight guests .
1 the best pan i 've ever had ! . although it 's a 'chicken fryer ' , i use it to pan-fry everything , and it works amazing ! the depth of the pan allows larger amount of food inside , being stirred without spilling out . and the smaller diameter helps to concentrate heat in the pan . the nonstick feature truly works , nothing sticks to the pan , even the thick starch
1 very nice . definitely a nice knife . i really like the unibody and the blade is very sharp . clean cutting knife
1 great little clips for your refrigerator . i love these little clips . they are small in size and useful for hanging a shopping list , a note , and things of this sort . their magnets are strong and colors quite pleasant to look at .
1 lasts too long . i got this blender some years ago , i do n't even remember how long , because of the price . then my finances got better and promised to myself once it broke i would change it for a nice new chrome steel model ... but the friggin ' thing keeps on going and going , so , i 'm stuck with it until who knows when .
1 strong and long lasting . the polder 5416-97 essential dual leg ironing board is easy to lift and to fold . it stores neatly in small spaces . it 's sturdy and will last a long time . the cover and pad is very colorful
1 must have ! . this is the simplest , but one of the best kitchen must haves i have purchased in a long time . the peel is whisked of the garlic in seconds . easy to clean , easy to store . no more garlic hands
1 durable and soft . i am using this pad on a aerobed , so this wont be a good review for a person using it on a full sized mattress ( i do n't know if it will fit , it looks like it will but i have n't tried it ) . however , i can tell you that this is a durable mattress pad . it went camping with us without a problem . and it washes easily . those are important factors to consider
1 great product ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . love the pan , the center is so cool , because you can tell when the product is pre-heated ... ..the center changes and it is so great . the pan is almost too big , but it is perfect for everything i can possibly cook in it
1 just what i wanted . this pan suited my needs exactly . it 's handle is comfortable to hold and it has nice even heat distribution . the handle and the curve of the outside edge make flipping food quite easy
1 nice-looking martini picks . these are the best ones i have seen so far . you 'll love the martini design ! a great bargain
1 bake and serve casserole set . i recently broke two of my favorite pieces of corelle baking and serving dishes . i looked on several sites and it seemed all i could find was the handleless french style corningware , which i have and find hard to use due to being without handles . this bakeware has great handles and i love it . i love the chutney on the side , i compared this price with ordering just two piece of the same thing in abundance design and the oblong baking dish separate and it was $ 10.00 more without the ramkins . this was a better value
1 beautifull . i like the pistoulet dinnerware and specially the bread plates . but after some dishwasher , the paint begin to peel off . at least , i got a excellent customer service from pfaltzgraff and they have exchanged the product . good advice , dont place them in the dishwasher
1 a must have if you do a lot of baking . i am an avid baker . sometimes you need to whip up your egg whites to fold in later . having an extra bowl makes this so much easier than transferring to a different type bowl . or maybe you are making christmas cookies - you can have one batter chilling in the fridge while you are mixing another one . it 's well worth the money
1 a must have for any kitchen ! . i bought this scale back in jan or feb . i needed one and after looking around for a while found that i liked this one the best because of its easy to read decimile display- pounds on one side , ounces ( down to the tenth ) on the other side . the lb/k switch is located on the bottom side of the unit and i do n't find it inconvient down there . this scale also has a auto shutoff feature that helps save your batteries but has never shut off while i 'm in the middle of measuring . because of previous complaints to that effect when i first got mine i timed how long it would stay on ending up with close to 2.5 min before it did . i also love the look of the scale it is sleek and stylish , very clean lines and is easy to clean too , just a quick wipe down and i 'm done . as a note to alton brown fans this is his scale of choice on good eats . the price tag may have you shying away but i assure you that its worth every penny . i would not trade mine for anything !
1 perfect all-in-one pan . i do a lot of stir frying , using one pan to do many dishes . as a result i needed a pan that had non-stick quality for quick and easy cleaning and one that could take high heat from my professional stovetop . when pan and oil are heated to the right temperature the interior 18/10 stainless steel surface behaved as if it were nonstick . the heat was evenly conducted bottom through the sides , this due to the aluminium core sandwich being continuous from the bottom up the sides . the sides are high enough to not have food spill out in the process of vigourous stir frying . the height is also good for small item deep frying . the steep sloping of the sides enabled food to rotate well , falling back easily into the pan . quality pans tend to be heavy , all clad without exception but this size is perfectly manageable for tossing ingredients if need to . it also cooks a generous portion for one to two persons . all types ( including metal ) of utensils can be used with it . this is a solid , handsome and versatile pan with wonderful easy care and use . it is a total joy to cook with and one that gives you confidence that it will last a long , long time
1 like having a coffe shop in your kitchen . i first would like to say that if you are the occasional esspresso drinker , then this machine is to costly to use every once in a while go with a cheaper brand . now for the rest of you that are die hard esspresso drinkers this is the machine for you . i moved from ak to ny a few months ago , while i lived in ak ( alaska ) there were coffe shops on every corner , to say the least i was addicted to mochas , and moving to ny they are few and far between . i was going into withdrawl . after doing some research i found this great machine . i wanted to use it for a while before writing a review about it . i love this machine . this machine is fast and the esspresso is great . i am a fan of regular esspresso as well and it comes out at a consistanly high quality , the crema is perfect , however i found if you are using the single shot it does n't come out that great so always use the double shot . the machine heats up quickly and everything is provided for you , two cups , two saucers , a pitcher and a frothing attachment . i can see that this machine will pay for itself withing no time . i have owned cheaper models in the past and you can really tell the difference in the quality of the esspresso . i have not used the pod attachment so i ca n't comment on that . if you buy the machine in my opinion you wont be disappointed
1 love this timer~ ! . this timer screams quality ! lovely , easy-to-use , and a great shriek to it . ( you 'll def hear it while in another part of the house ! ) one of its best features is that you can set the time just by tapping the particular numbers of the time needed . the best timer i 've ever used or seen . i got two ! : )
1 rowena steam ifron . i find this iron very easy to use . the multiple steam holes makes ironing easier and faster . i have a small problem with it spitting water . i have tried using 1/2 tap and 1/2 spring water and i have tried adjusting the steam flow , but it still tends to spit . overall , i am very pleased with this iron .
1 very nice iron ! . this is a great iron . it 's quite heavy , but i like that . it really gets out the wrinkles . i do n't even mind ironing any more
1 good knife . good knife , sharp , cuts well . however , i 'm partial to the kitcheaid chef 's knife .
1 must have for baking . i adore my emile henry pie dish . it was my first piece of emile henry and worth every cent . the dish is beautiful and durable . it cleans up nicely , you do n't have to worry about scratching and sticking is not a problem . i baked stuffed sole in it tonight and the results were wonderful . evenly cooked , no sticking , no burning . for special occasion pies it is a huge asset . bringing a homemade apple pie to the table in a classic dish definitely ups the wow factor . in addition to the presentation value it bakes like a dream . crisp , even , golden crusts and bubbly filling . its also great with egg dishes like quiche that require very even heating for best results . even if you are only the occasional baker you wo n't result splurging on an heirloom pie dish .
1 almost wonderful . it vacuums dog hair like nothing else i 've used but you have to clean it every other time you use it . the cord could use 10 ' or so in additional length . the handle retracts nicely and it 's light weight makes it easy to move around . i think the thing i like about it the most is the narrow suction strip or whatever it 's called . i think the high power motor coupled with the narrow strip equates to superior suction but a little more time in use . this vacuum is totally worth the $ 60
1 farberware is fabulous . i am really pleased with this purchase . this cookware far exceeded my expectations . it 's heavyweight but not too heavy . i just love the cool touch handles . i would recommend this set very highly . if you cook alot like i do you will be more than happy with this set .
1 excellent set ! . i have been very happy with this cookware . it is very well made , heavy and sturdy . this is the most expensive set i have ever bought , and the difference is stunning . the pans heat very quickly and get much hotter than my old pans . i have had to change my cooking style to accommodate the better pans . i like being able to put them in the oven and not worrying about caring for a ( possibly ) toxic non-stick coating . well worth the money
1 hopefully they will be great for holiday baking . i have n't had a chance to use them yet as the holidays are just approaching , but they look good and sturdy . if the cheesecakes come out well , i 'll know then , but so far , so good . they delivered on time too .
1 good stockpot at a great price . farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line . i had this cookware at one time , and i can recommend it , especially for use on gas burners . unlike calphalon cookware , it can go in the dishwasher . however , to keep the finish gleaming , you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads . the 8-quart stockpot with lid is a kitchen essential
1 keeps hot water hot ! . so far this has been a great product . i 've had it for about a year and a half and have used it almost every day to hold boiling water for making tea . so far it has held up great . this carafe keeps the water near boiling for at least 5 hours . when i leave the water in it for 24 hours , the water is still warm enough for me to make tea with it . i have never used this item to store anything else other than water ; but in theory , you should be able to make tea or coffe the night before and still have it hot in the morning 6 to 8 hours later , assuming the liquid is boiling when you pour it in . some of the heat from the water is lost from the initial contact with the carafe , so the liquid you store will always be a little cooler than its intial temperature .
1 saw it for much $ more this weekend ! . we received another set for our wedding , but i am considering taking it back to macy 's where this calphalon 10 piece set was on sale for $ 399.00 this weekend . same set , same pieces ! ! i ca n't believe it . these pans feel great are durable but wo n't weigh you down while you are cooking -- the analon advanced brand i got is so heavy ! ! yesterday , i paid $ 99.99 for just the 12 inch calphalon fry pan and i feel it was worth it given how much i have used the 10 inch so far . these are the only two pieces i have from this calphalon collection so far , but i want more . oh and although they say not to use this particular nonstick line in the dishwasher , you 'd be totally lazy if you had too because cleanup is so easy with these ! ! it 's amazing
1 expresso . saeco is great full automatic esspreso cafe maker , with buildin grinder and automatic disposal best in class for pric
1 we made not only the right choice but the best choice ! . for years we have used the mr. coffee iced tea makers and have purchased two of them . this time around we chose to get the hamilton beach 40911 2-qt iced tea maker . even though i/we have n't used the feature that allows you to place loose tea in the basket for brewing we totally like the hamilton beach method of brewing tea over the mr. coffee . first of all the taste ( using luzianne family tea bags was superior to any tea we ever brewed using the mr. coffee makers . also one very large drawback with the mr. coffee maker is that the basket , for the bags , sets inside the reservoir and maker and most every time you brew a pitcher and remove the basket you have leakage of tea down in the makers bottom which over time makes for a very ugly looking reservoir , where you put your clean water to brew your next pitcher . because hamilton beach placed the basket directly inside the pitcher itself there is never any tea that finds its way into the bottom of the tea maker . also due to ridges in the bottom of the mr. coffee maker it 's usually almost impossible to totally clean the pitcher and restore it back to the clean condition at the time you first used it . this feature alone makes the hamilton beach a better buy over the mr. coffee but i thought , before my purchase , that surely the two would make equivalent tasting tea but using both lipton and luzianne family tea bags the hamilton beach not only brews the tea faster but the taste is better . on the mr. coffee the strength of the tea is controlled by a sliding knob on the front of the maker whereas with the hamilton beach it is three rigid clicks of control on the bottom of the basket ( mild , medium , strong ) , we usually use medium . we enjoy `` sweet-tea '' being from the south and anyone that makes good sweet tea knows you sweeten it while it 's hot at the time of brewing . our method is to first fill the pitcher to the line and fill the reservoir and refill the pitcher to the same water level and then add 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 cups of sugar and stir with a whisk until very well mixed . once the tea is brewed you have to stir the tea again but you get perfect sweet tea every-time . if you enjoy tea , even if you never considered an electric tea maker , the hamilton beach will be one purchase decision you will not regret . having two mr. coffee makers before this hamilton beach i do n't see myself ever purchasing another mr. coffee unless they make many changes to their product and even then taste is the final decision maker . i highly recommend the hamilton beach model and would gladly buy it again even if it was higher priced than the mr. coffee , it 's totally worth it
1 a well designed set . i am very impressed with this set . the pans are of heavy guage steel and have rolled edges . i had 3 pounds of chicken on the cookie sheet and with a one handed lift the pan did not flex as my other pans did , again heavy guage steel . the handles and the nonstick surface have had no problems at 450 degrees . other brands that i have used deteriorate rapidly at 400 degrees or above . keep in mind i am not a cook and by my very method of cooking ( set oven to high and wait til you smell something burning ) i am very hard on pans of any kind . a very high quality product that i would have gladly paid 50 bucks for . by the way , the cooling rack is nonstick as well .
1 does the job . very smooth operation . my complaint is that i have already spotted a bit of rust , but careful washing and drying should alleviate the problem
1 great knives . i needed a set of knives like yesterday i had a [ ... ] set of chicago cutlery knives they lasted 2 years the blades chipped and resharpen them were impossible because of the chipping , the handles faded and they had rust spots and i am not hard on knives i even hand washed them most of the time . so i bought these knives because they were henckles and the never needed sharpening . i have had them 3 months they are perfect for me . they are made in china . 3 of the knives got rust spots after 2 washing i called the company and they ask me to return the defectived knives and they replaced them in a very timely manner . so for 49.99 i have knives that look great work great and if there is any problem the company will replace them . so you ca n't go wrong
1 good all purpose turner . calling it short is a misnomer - it 's not that short - it 's an average size . it has a rather bulky handle that is comfortable to hold but difficult to store . the turner itself is a little on the thick side so lighter foods do n't always want to cooperate but i 'm pleased with it . i would n't buy a matching spoon becuase of the bulky handle - takes up too much room in my drawer
1 hard to find feature . with the advent of fancy featured coffee makers this is the right coffee maker for us . we like to brew 1 large mug of coffee at a time so we have fresh tasting coffee . most models now have a carafe with the stop brew feature so you can pour out a cup while it is brewing . but you must use their carafe . with this maker you can use your own mug . and if the carafe breaks ( and it costs as much as the maker to replace sometimes ) you can still use the maker with the mug or other container . i sometimes use a stainless steel pitcher . sure this maker is n't fancy , but i just want a simple cup of coffee and this maker does it with an appliance that does n't take up lots of counter space . i have n't had any problems with messes or clean up with this maker
1 great sweeper . we bought this sweeper instead of the dyson , because con . report had it rated higher . we paid a lot less and we are very happy with this product
1 smartbrew really is smart . i 've had lots of coffemakers over the years , and always had a problem pouring the coffee into a cup . it ran over the side and made a mess , unless you poured it very slowly . i saw this model a few years ago and decided to try it . it is great . i will never own anything else . i have been looking for one to replace my old one , only because the heating element is dirty/rusty looking ( my wife does n't like it ) . in fact i 'm going to buy one right now on amazon , as i 've looked at a few stores and the new black and decker models i have seen , do n't have the dripless pouring spout
1 really reasonable price and a great coffee maker ! . this coffee maker is so simple to use any husband can do it ! and , it makes a mighty fine cup of joe at that ! shipping was free , and it arrived in perfect shape in a timely matter . highly recommended
1 very nice for side dishes . these oval dishes are just the right size for sides , and they stay warm a very long time besides looking great . i have served mashed potatoes , sweet potatoes , all kinds of squash and even bay and sea scallops ; everything looks better in these . also bought several for my children . a fine addition to your le creuset collection
1 a perfectly good blender for the price . what can you say about a blender ? pros : easy to clean , attractive , very powerful cons : loud . the lid does n't fit well
1 love my bunn . this model is an improvement over the older pot shape . it is easier to clean and use . i wish it was available in local stores . i had to order it online which means extra for shipping
1 fantastic idea , beautifully simple . this is a fantastic idea for teaballs . sleek and stylish , this set is also practical . the two teaballs are spring-loaded , and perfectly sized for a single cup of tea . simply press the plunger , then stir the ball around in your loose tea container . lift it out of the tea and shake the excess out to level the tea . let go of the plunger , and the teaball closes securely . the long stem on the balls allow you to take the ball out of your cup ( or stir the tea as it 's brewing , if that 's your preference ) without having to lift a hot chain off of the side of your cup of hot water . prior to this purchase , we used a tea 'spoon ' , which also spring-loaded shut . the problem with the spoon is that to fill it with tea , you have to hold it vertically in the container , which means you have few options - either close the spoon while the tea is still sticking out the sides , and fill your cup with loose tea , or try to shake the extra tea out after you pull the spoon of the container , and get tea all over your counter . because of these teaballs ' design , they do n't share that problem . the tower has one interesting feature , but some shortcomings . the good design is that below where each teaball hangs , there is a significant 'bowl ' to catch any tea that might still be dripping . this has proven to be a very handy feature . the tower itself is n't very mobile , however . due to how the hooks hold the teaball stems , it is seemingly impossible to move without one of the balls falling out . also , when i got mine , the tower was visibly crooked , and i had to bend it back straight . that worked for me , but was quite hard , and i was worried i 'd break it . oh , cleanup - cleanup is much easier than with the aforementioned spoon . the spoon hinges so that there is little clearance at the back of the utensil for washing out . these balls do n't share that problem at all . the plunger gives more than adequate clearance to simply turn the ball sideways and wash it out in the sink ( just make sure your sink 's filter is in ! ) all in all , i 'm pleased with the purchase . it 's such a fantastic idea that a few shortcomings do n't significantly mar how well the product works
1 great oven mitts . i love these oven mitts . they have a magnet in them so you can stack them one on top of the other and stick them to your oven or refrigerator , or other metal surface . they are not as cumbersome as the really long , heavily molded ones . i bought them for all of my grown children and they all love them too .
1 great coffee maker ! . i have been using the coffee maker for over 3 months now , and i love it ! i like that i can use either the caraffe or the travel mugs .
1 works good . i have had this for almost a year , and for the money i can not recommend a better product . i would buy another
1 best of the small digital thermometers . in my opinion : well , i ordered two of these , one for my daughter . since i had two , guess what i did ? you 're right - i tested both on the same hot and cold materials to see how close they read . well , they were within 1/2 degree f. of each other , which in a laboratory is sloppy , but for cooking food , it 's darn accurate . i have several oven thermometers , you know , the mechanical ones , and i use this unit to see how accurate they are . also , i wanted a thermometer to be able to check the temperature of thinner foods , such as a hamburger , chicken patty , chicken breasts . now , as you know , when you check the temperature of these items , you want a really quick reading , because your hand is close to the heat . well , it 's not as quick as advertised . it will take about 8 to 10 seconds to get a good reading , but that 's not terribly long . make sure you slide the temp probe through the handle so that your hand can be even further away from the fire . next , it can be calibrated , so i put it up against a $ 400 fluke meter , and it came within .8 degrees f , so i would consider it within specs . for food preparation , the difference would have no meaning . finally , it seems to be holding up well against accidental drops and getting slightly wet . i 've bought others , including those ridiculous forks with the built-in thermometers , but this unit is the best
1 excellent saucepan . when i ordered this saucepan , i did n't realize how high the quality would be . when i opened the box and first lifted the saucepan , i was immediately impressed with the weight and quality . each time that i use this pan to heat up foods , i am constantly surprised at how much less time it takes for those foods to cook . water boils very quickly . lastly , the engraved measuring lines for liquids are extremely helpful . all in all , the best saucepan that i 've owned
1 bought three . i really like the hampers . they do n't take up a lot of floor space and with three , i can separate the laundry . the handles make it easy to move them . they are a little deeper than my arms are long ( i 'm short ) but i can tilt them to empty them . would have liked having an assortment of colors to choose from
1 great for apartments . my boyfriend and i live in a two room apartment . there is not a lot of storage space . i ordered two of these hampers and the first one just came . i put his clothes in and he still has half of the hamper left . i am so glad to get something that is sturdy and large now we will have a place to put our clothes .
1 teapot review . the most important quality of this tea pot is that it pours well ; it does not drip nor does the water overflow the spout when filling the pot . i am very happy with my purchase
1 best sheets . best value . these sheets feel like you want them too . heavy and soft . worth every penny . this is the second time i 've bought them from amazon i ca n't see any reason to buy any other kind
1 i love this knife set ! . i just recently purchased this little knife set at a local department store and paid $ 10.00 for the set . i love these things ! at amazon 's price of $ 3.99 i added a second set to another order and i am eagerly awaiting their arrival . i would recommend these knives to anyone . they are such a good deal , in my opinion
1 wine saver . the vacu vin wine saver works great , it keeps wine fresh in the refrigerator for weeks . also it is very easy to use
1 excellent grill . this is the only grill i 've ever had , so i guess i ca n't compare it to others , but for me this grill has been just great . it is super easy to use and clean . it has given me no problems at all . i recommend it
1 amazingly well designed and easy to keep clean . have to say `` ditto '' to all the reviewers below -- i owned another brand before but it was n't nearly as powerful . at least one reviewer expresses concern about keeping the blades clean , so i must note that the instructions indicate everything but the motor housing -- which detaches from the blade element -- can go in the dishwasher !
1 love the plates but they arrived scratched . i 'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching . my persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched . i think next time i 'll order them as individual place settings as they were n't packed well . amazon will give me a 20 % discount for keeping them .
1 my favorite knife . this is my favorite knife . it cuts very nicely and has a great feel . mine is still sharp after 2 years of use
1 salton egg cooker is great . i bought this egg cooker as a gift for my son , but i have used it and really like it . it soft boiled the eggs perfectly and is also very convenient to clean . the timer is also loud enough to hear
1 good quality so far . had this oven for about a month now , and very satisfied . nice brushed stainless steel finish , solid construction . was a bit larger than i anticipated , but still fits nicely on my countertop . the controls could be a bit more elegantly designed , but overall very pleased with this oven . my favorite thing about it is how fast it cooks and toasts
1 cake queen ! . this cake form is phenominal ! after spaying it with the flour/butter pam , my cakes are flawless . i have never been disappointed with how my cakes have turned out with this pan . not one corner of the pattern was soft . every detail comes out crisp and so very clean . i have bought other pans from this maker and only have good things to say about them
1 my gorgeous cake . i love this pan . it 's a 10 + in my eyes . when it arrived i washed it with mild soap and water . dried it , sprayed cooking spray and filled it with my cake batter and popped it in the preheated oven . 37 minutes later a gorgeous cake was baked . i turned the pan over on a wire rack and my cake fell right out without one crumb stuck in the pan . i 'm going to give this pan as gifts in the future . this cake design is especially lovely when you dust the cake with powdered sugar and cinnamon ... ... ... ... ..
1 great bread , but ... i used la cloche to make bread with , specifically san francisco sourdough , with spectacular results . the crust was crisp but chewey , and i could not imagine baking another loaf without it . but after i used it the first time , the bottom developed a crack . after a second use , the crack became so large that i will not use it again for fear it will break during cooking . i called sassafras enterprises ( 800.537.4941 ) , and for $ 8.00 to cover shipping/handling they are sending out a replacement bottom . their customer service was outstanding , and i feel they build a quality product . i also purchased the rectangular version of la cloche , and i have not had an issue . perhaps our la cloche was damaged during shipping . i would have rated it 5 stars otherwise
1 i 'm the baker . i love to bake . i really love to bake bread . my specialty is sourdough . so now i have 3 strikes against me , that is , until i found la cloche . although it can be used to cook meats , i personally only use it for bread . la cloche turns your regular oven into a brick oven , and the quality of your bread will amaze you . it browns beautifully , has a crispy , chewy crust that seems to carmelize the sugars in the crust differently . there is no need to spray water or create steam in the oven , because the steam is created inside la cloche by the bread itself . so actually bread making is more simple and safe because you are not spraying water into a 500 degree oven . there are 2 shapes , a french bread style and round oven hearth style . i have both and pop them into the oven at the same time , so i am baking 2 loaves of bread at once , which is a little more economical . truly , i wish i had this from the beginning of my baking attempts . if you are a baker or love one , go ahead and spring for it . you will never regret this kitchen tool . all my other bread pans are now unused
1 not that bad.. first of all , they are n't really intended for the novice user , but they are perfect for the long run . the wooden ones will rot before you ever get skilled with them , but these stainless steel ones will take a licking and keep on picking . one thing the description does n't say , is that they are made to be used as chopsticks and they can really function like them . maybe on the descriptions from before they said they are slippery and they do n't have any grip . i never had any problem with that depending on what i tried to grab . i was able to grab chopped steaks and even some vegetables with these utensils , though i have n't tried noodles yet . another thing i need to point out that the description does n't . these utensils are n't round . the handles are square , as the points are rounded . the tips are blunted so grabbing things becomes awkward until you learn to get `` around '' the item you want to pick up . if you know how to use chopsticks and pick up things with them , you 'll only have a very slight adjustment to make with these . all in all , for their originality and how they are made , i give them a four and a half out of five . if you wanted chopsticks to replace fickle and often unwashable wooden ones , these are the kind you want to get , definately
1 feels like home . my mother is korean and so i grew up using stainless steel chopsticks . apparently they 're quite popular in korean households ... as well as stainless steel rice bowls . you might have seen them , the ones with the stainless lids ? anyway . these are just like the ones i grew up using . there are some drawbacks ( like the noodle comment made earlier ) but it 's not a product flaw . yes , wooden chopsticks are going to grip better , but they also tend to mildew if used repeatedly and have to be restocked . lacquer coated wooden chopsticks tend to flake after a while . and besides , when eating asian food you do n't really pick up individual noodles ( which would have you slipping and sliding ) . you sorta grab a large portion and bring your face close to the bowl and slurp them down . i think the japanese actually bring the bowl to their face instead . trust me ... it all goes where it needs to . the main thing is getting use to their diameter . these are much more slender than the wooden chopsticks you see in restaurants . not for the novice chopsticker
1 i am very happy with my silicone bakeware . i have this and mini-pans and muffin pans - all silicone . they are great . the biggest problem is that the bread tends to expand the sides of the soft pan so the sides are a bit wider . i never oil the pans and the bread pops out easily . the muffins too ususally since the recipe often has oil in it . great product . never noticed any odd taste/smell
1 kitchenaid silicone loaf pan . a wonderful product . everything cooks very evenly . no sticking . so easy to wash and store also
1 powerful little vaccumm . i 've had this model of the shark for a couple of months now and it is working great . it has a powerful suction compared to my duster buster . i have had no problems with the battery so far and it seems to last the adertised 15 minutes . i too concerned over the hepa filters . you can do a decent job cleaning it and i plan to clean it well with my shopvac to extend the life . the vacuum and accessories fit nicely into the stand . i would definitely recommend this product for quick vaccums around the house and in the car
1 ca n't be beat . my husband drinks coffee continuously . whenever we are in the car , i 'm always after him not to spill his coffee and i constantly have to clean up the inevitable spills . we could never find a good cup that would fit in the cup holder so the spills were always on the floor or in his lap . this cup does spill if it 's tipped over ( i do n't think any cup will ever be completely spill proof ) but it fits in the cup holder and therefore does n't spill as easily . i bought two , one for him and one for me ( i drink ice water and tea ) and they both fit together nicely side-by-side in our cars cup holder . they keep hot drinks hot and cold drinks cold for long periods of time . i have purchased loads of cups over the 34 years of our marriage and this has to be the best by far . i would highly recommend this item for everyone !
1 excellent pot with excellent price . i really wanted a 5-quart pot and would n't want to spend a lot of $ $ $ . this turned out to be a great buy . it is a very good quality product . the non-stick surface seems very well coated . it 's very versatile for us ( a family of 4 ) . i am very pleased and satisfied with the product
1 an elegant way of serving . its a traditional serveware for serving the soup course the color of the tureen set allows it to be used with many of the dinnerwares and amp ; the size is adequate to serve at least 8-10 people.the under plate is something not found with usual tureen sets which gives it an elegant look but it appears a little overpriced
1 muffins comes right out . i used metal muffin pans before , the muffins will never come out without the help of a knife , even the pan was sprayed . on the other side , i am very satisfied with the kitchenaid product , becuase beautiful muffins come right out , when turn the pan unside down ( need to apply cooking spray before baking ) . yes , it did have some plastic smell during baking for the first couple times . after that , no smell at all . i chose not to pay $ 5 extra for the rack , still it works well with a cookie tray . the only negative comment is the unerasble marks left by grease ( oil/cooking spray ) on the surface . i am not complaining about it , as it states clearly in the instructions , and it does not affect baking . overall , i am very satisfied with this product , and i will buy more for my new kitchen .
1 quick and high quality coffee maker . i 've had my keurig for about two months now and absolutely love it . it makes wonderful tasting coffee in 30 seconds or so . it was well worth the extra money
1 corningware . i ordered these just to make my $ 25 . i 'm sure they are well worth the price i paid , would be ideal for a one/two person family . i will use them for gifts
1 good blender.. this is the best blender i have ever used . it grinds indian style batter real good . it grabs and churns the mixture quickly . i am using it for the past 5 months , and there has been no problems with it . the jar is plastic and easy to handle and clean .
1 great product works great . this is the best steam cleaner it really gets your carpets looking like new again and i was very surprised that it worked great on old stains as well . i love the attachments for the furniture as a pet owner the attachments and the cleaner work wonders . i especially like the turbo surge button this works for the high traffic areas and i have 2 dogs that like to roll around the carpet to itch there backs and these spots get dirter , so this feature works great for cleaning the deep down areas , makes my carpet 's look new again ! this is also easy to use to fill the water and empty it too , i am very mechianically not smart but this is soooo easy to figure and and use it is a breeze ! i love my cleaner .
1 amazing iron for a great price . how many men do you know who rave about irons ? let me tell you this iron is a great buy . ironing has become a breeze with this product instead of a dreadful hassle . i iron my shirts every day before work and it shows . ironing was never been my favorite pastitme but now i actually set up time in my day just to use this product ! this iron makes every shirt look like i just picked it up from the dry cleaners with its easy to use steam function . you ca n't beat the price too
1 they are very big . they are very big , the spoons are very uncomfortable to use , they should have been smaller . and a better grip
1 great product . i have several of these pieces in various sizes and colors . i cook and serve in them all and they clean up beautifully . i highly recommend them
1 great product . i splurged and bought this product for my espressos in the morning . i bought the pint sized model for $ 35.00 . ( you use one charger each time you open the container up . so if you get the half pint size you will need to stock up on chargers . ) i ca n't believe how long cream lasts in this thing . i had cream in it for almost two weeks and it was still fresh ! the canned whip cream you buy in the store is too sweet for me , so i just put a little bit of torino caramel syrup in with the cream to flavor it . i use it when company comes over for coffee , pie , etc . why did n't i buy one of these things sooner
1 coffee/desert lovers delight . i got one of these as a x-mas gift a few years ago and love it ! it is especially wonderful around the holidays . i like to make pies and it is great topping on all types of pies . we also drink a lot of flavored coffee and hot chocolate in the winter ( its pretty cold here at night ) and love to top it off with the cream . i 'm not sure about the flavored syrups , but i just add some flavored coffee creamer ( international delight or coffee mate ) to the container and it makes it taste so good . it is such a hit at holiday parties that i have to borrow my mom 's to keep up with the demand . it makes a great gift just be sure to get enough off the cartriage containers or you will run out
1 great . i love this rice cooker ! it replaced one i had for many years , and was sure i would never find another i liked as well . i was wrong . this rice cooker is absolutely the best . it has replaced the broken one hands down . the rice is perfect every time whether you make 2 servings or serve a crowd , it keeps it warm without ruining it and it is so easy to clean and store . i would recommend this one to anyone that really likes rice and prepares it often .
1 this is a bargin . i had a zojirushi nhs-10 and worked fine . i gave it to my sister-in-law ... grin . latter i decided i wanted another cooker and just came upon this . it seemed to cheap . i ordered it from amazon . this thing is a deal . we usually cook between 4-6 cups of rice at a time . it makes perfect rice , if you use the cup at 180cc.. we have 5 kids and been using this 2-4 times a month for last two years . i like it most of all as it has limited options and cooks only rice .
1 love this saucepan ! . this is a great saucepan ! ! ! lightweight , easy to clean , we love the straining lid ! we got the red one . totally worth buying ! thanx
1 i 've had them for years and i swear by them . i have the tucker burn guard commercial line , kitchenaid and various designer potholders and i 've stopped using them all except these oxo . these are great for blocking the heat . i have smallish female hands and i admit that these mits took some getting used to . once i got used to them ( after the first or second use ) i routinely reach for them . its to the point that i do n't even have the other ones out anymore . i am here looking to replace my original set of 3 ( 2 mits + 1 potholder ) and i was surprised by the negative reviews . so surprised in fact that i am writing this review . i swear by them
1 excellent value ~ attractive looks . i must agree with everything that has been written previously . this fan is sturdy , attractive , quiet and well-built with all the features one would want or need on a table-top fan . and you ca n't beat the price .
1 great little grinder . i did a lot of research before purchasing a grinder and i 'm glad i took the time to narrow it down to this one . it has done a great job at a consistant grind , with minimal noise , and tons of grind settings . quality
1 a durable sprayer , not a mister . this is a durable sprayer , not a mister . i went through 3 or 4 misters before finding the hoffritz sprayers . mine are 3 years old and going strong . the misters , including the expensive stainless steel one , simply do not last very long . we use a lot of olive oil and these sprayers have held up well . they do require a good push . and you get more olive oil than you would with a mister .
1 outlast works ! . i do n't know how anyone could think that the outlast material is n't working . ( ..of course it has been significantly tested and proven that it works . ) at first its cool . after about 5 minutes ( depending on the person ) outlast starts keeping an even temp.. now that even temp . may not be as cool as you want - but it never gets much warmer than you are unlike most every other pillow ( ..even buckwheat pillows which become hotter because of the fabric encasing the buckwheat ) . the negatives are however : 1 . the outlast material needs to be pretty close to your body to work - and it does have a distinctive texture that is a broad weave box pattern and is `` stiff '' ( ..though after a few washings it becomes considerably softer ) . you might not like this textural feeling . 2 . other than the outlast , the pillow is nothing special . the support is poor like most pillows , the interesting thing here though is that you can remove the stuffing - and fill it with a material you find acceptable ( ..if you do n't like the standard poly fill ) , but you will need to do some minor sewing on the seam you opened to remove and replace the filling
1 consumer reports is right on ! . consumer reports rated this a best pick toaster for the money , and we agree 100 % . it toasts beautifully - just what it 's supposed to do , right
1 better than trying to cook rice in a pot ! . i got this rice cooker about 8 months ago , and i have probably used it once a week since then . it most certainly makes better rice than i could before ( cooking in a pot on the stove ) , but the results are often inconsistent . sometimes the rice seems to get dried out and burns at the bottom . i think i need to up the liquid to rice ratio . it just occured to me after reading some other reviews that i may have been drastically overestimating the amount of rice to water because you are supposed to use that little cup that came with the cooker as `` 1 cup '' , not 1 real cup . : / i use the steamer basket to steam shrimp all the time though , and it works fabulously
1 the dish is great i have had mine for 3 years/no problems . i was suprized when i read the 1 review.i have had mine for 3 years and had no problems , it has been in the dishwasher , put away by my two kids.no cracks no chips , cleans up great
1 what a great way to enjoy white wine ! . i had heard that the shape of riedel wine glasses enabled one to maximize the `` nose '' of a wine . how very true ! i was amazed how much more of the wine 's bouquet was immediately noticeable with these glasses . and , they feel great in your hands . i highly recommend them for wine enthusiasts
1 great gifts . i love the rapid ice wine coolers . i give them for token gifts and use them frequently myself . they are great for a spure of the moment glass of wine that needs chilling
1 quite versitile . great for frying eggs , but i prefer a pan with higher sides for omlets . every grilled sandwich i 've made on this griddle has come out perfect . my kids use it to make pancakes and they swear by it . i 've found that pre-heating the griddle in the oven first helps it heat more evenly and avoid the hot spots that can occur when cooking on a stove top . the pre-seasoning works great
1 awsome skillet . man what a great pancake and a grilled chesse skillet . it 's the perfect size for pacakes . i 'd give it 10 stars if i could . love it .
1 excellent soup pot . this pan is perfect . not too big , nor too small for a perfect soup . for the price , you ca n't get better . this pan replaces my farberware 6 quart , and overall , it is n't any bigger ; just holds 2 quarts more . love it
1 marble . found this item on the net when it was unavailable in stores for christmas . good deal for the money . nothing beats marble when making home-made ravioli ! ( i dropped it on cement and it did chip , so be careful where you set it ! ) use the cradle that comes with it
1 review of circulon twin pack skillets . i received the shipment very quickly despite not paying for the shipping . i love the skillets . they 're very heavy duty and are a great addition to my circulon cookware
1 4.5-quart pressure cooker . it 's a very good cooker . i can save my cooking time .
1 awesome machine . this is great . i use it to grind flax seed . it works well and is fairly easy to clean . the cord winds up into itself , which is very nice , to keep it out of the way when storing it
1 great pot . this pot is a great deal . i had it for a couple of weeks now and it has been great for cooking , nothing sticks to it and clean up is easy . i love the glass top for see what is in the pot and how it is cooking . great pot for the money . i find this pot to be just as good as my non stick calphalon if not a little better and the price is lower then the calphalon
1 foodsaver quart size bag . it 's excellent if you already have a good foodsaver . they are thick and good quality bags . it works really well and does keep food fresh . only good for small and dry foods though , but they are reuseble to a certain point
1 a great set , especially for the price ! . i received this set as a wedding present and have loved using it over the past 4 months . i cook several times a week , mostly for husband and myself , and sometimes for guests . this set has been perfect for my needs , and has performed very well . i follow the care directions ( handwashing , no metal utensils ) and the non-stick coating has done very well . i love the glass lids and the cushy handles . the set includes , as pictured , 1- , 2- , and 3-quart covered saucepans , 6-quart covered stockpot , and 8- and 10-inch french skillets . the skillets do n't come with lids , but the two biggest pot lids work well . note : the product descriptions mention an 11-inch saute pan ; this is not in my set and is not included according to product features listing or the picture shown . i did feel a need to buy a 12-inch skillet as the one addition to supplement this set .
1 inexpensive pump machine that really delivers great espresso . the feature 's on this machine are what drew me to choose krups espresso maker . the pump instead of the pressure machines was the first draw . the water tank and its size , not having to fill it every day . the fact that the frothing nozzle moved and the location of it . and nobody makes a frothier frother than krups makes . i love the lattes and i use a large stainless steel milk steaming pitcher . you can make two cups at once . i use it daily and sometimes more than once a day ! it makes a great espresso with beautiful crema . i have not had any problems with this machine.clean after every use . i ca n't stress this enough and it only takes a minute to wipe the brew area . and do the internal cleaning with solution often or you will get the slow drips of espresso when brewing because of deposit build ups . follow cleaning instructions ! i highly recommend this one ! enjoy
1 the e-type of toasters . my husband , ( a jaguar lover ) , calls this the `` e-type of toasters '' ! it is beautifully designed ; requires minimal space and is 'simply ' sophisticated . to achieve the `` perfect toast '' using our old toaster required toasting a slice of bread three times , turning it twice , - now it 's one single click . kitchen appliances would n't be hidden away inside the cabinet if they were designed as elegantly as braun 's impressions toaster
1 looks great ! . i love to have a dinner party with a cake in this case . it 's elegant and gets compliments from all . i have found it to be sturdy enough , as mine came in one piece and is not broken or cracked . this is a very nice case . cake looks even more tempting
1 excellent waffles and easy to clean ! . this is a wonderful appliance and at what a savings ! mine arrived promptly and in `` shipped from the manufacturer '' condition . this is such an improvement over my old waffle maker ( no matter how much i greased it the waffles always stuck ) . the first time i tried it was on my new son-in-law and i was eager to make a good impression . a red light indicates the appliance is on and a green light tells you when it 's ready to cook . my first waffle came out beautifully and you-know-who ate it with great satisfaction and requested another . then i screwed up . you see , if you do n't follow directions and forget to rotate the waffle maker your waffle splits in half and ca n't be put back together again ! third time i did it right . waffle grids slide out easily for cleaning in the dishwasher . outside of stainless steel appliance my be cleaned with soap and water or glass cleaner if you prefer . handle folds down and therefore the appliance stores easily . i was too busy to follow the gram instructions in the recipe booklet accompanying the waffle maker and too busy to beat egg whites separately . so i used my tried and true pancake recipe which turned out great . in the future i 'll be more creative ! highly recommended for waffle lovers
1 bill kauffman . this unit does everything it is designed to do . have used it several times now and the only question we have is , when do we change the oil ? ... .. we think it 's kinda like your car , if it looks and smells bad ... . dump it ... grin !
1 a great deal . at $ 20 and free shipping this is probably the best deal around for people on a buget . realistly the retail value is not $ 80 it is around $ 40 . the fabric is not all that soft however with a few washings it should be great . if the thead count bothers you like some other reviewers spend more money do n't complain about it when it 's plainly listed . an easy way to solve that problem if you are on a tight budget now is to buy it and then later buy a duvet to make the comforter softer . the only reason i deducted a star is because the bed ruffle is very flimsy . it feels like it would tear very easily . this is not a problem for me as i find them annoying but may bother some people . all in all i think it is a great deal
1 comments from a serious amateur cook . the glass cover fits well . the heavy bottom distributes heat well . the ease of cleaning is wonderful . it 's a great addition to our kitchen
1 gorgeous ! . i just received this as a wedding gift and it is beautiful ! a great gift
1 great item for a great price . i love this product , the processor is small but enough for a home kitchen and it does n't take up much space . it chops , shred , slice but the bad thing is sometimes when making sticky stuff , the stuff goes under the thing that holds the blade and its extremly hard to get out . the other bad thing is the plastic , everytime i use the processor the smell of what i 'm making last in the plastic bowl and wo n't go away until i make something else . and i did clean it very hard . overall i do recommend this product to all
1 just like ours in china . i had the same wok for four of the five years that i lived in china . it was made of the same type of carbon steel as this one . when i came back to the usa last year , i looked all around for this kind of wok and was very happy to find it . my wife , a native of southwestern china , joined me in the usa this year . she thoroughly approved of my choice . and , boy , does she make the best stir fried vegetables in the world . true , it is heavy , but that is good news because now we have an electric stove and the thick steel helps distribute the heat well . ( in china we had a gas stove with a huge flame . ) i still do n't understand all the rituals involved with `` seasoning . '' in china i was taught to scrub it hard after cooking with a stainless steel or brass scrubber in hot soapy water , then dry it very well before heating it just a little and rubbing it down with oil ( we use a paper towel ) on the inner surface . store it oiled ! rarely have we had any sticking problems . a little scrubbing gets the rust right off if you forget to dry and oil , so do n't panic ! this is a fairly priced ( at around $ 25 ) , good piece of equipment for cooking `` real '' chinse food
1 excellent product . the kitchen aid hand mixer is actually more than i expected . it is light weight , easy to use , and has attachments that other mixers do n't usually have . while it is more expensive than your average hand mixer , i definitely feel i got my money 's worth . i have other kitchen aid products and they last forever . i have never been disappointed in their performance .
1 it 's a good thing . i purchased this product because i have recently starting baking cookies and stirring cookie dough by hand left my arm and shoulder sore . i know kitchenmaid as a quality product name . instead of the large mixer i opted for this handheld model because i do n't have alot of counter top or space . it is light , easy hold and powerful enough for the toughest chocolate chip cookie dough . i am happy with it . i was also happy with the delivery of the product ... it arrived within the week and was well package to prevent damage
1 great for real tea lovers ! . great invention ! i drink mostly loose teas , gave up coffee some time ago . because of work and being `` mom '' , i spend a lot of time in my car . i have tried several travel presses and most of them do n't trap all of the leaves under the press , especially leaves that unroll as they steep . this is the most practical travel mug that i 've ever seen and the storage compartment is absolutely great for carrying extra loose tea for those all day meetings . i ordered one for my desk and one for those long car trips
1 great design , great function . i was thinking about a way to make coffee at work where there was no coffee machine easily accessable . i thought a french press would be a great idea , but all of them seemed to be made of glass and i did n't want to leave my press laying around where i work ( we share space with other companies so people come and go ) . with this mug all i have to do is heat up some hot water in the microwave and throw it in with the coffee or tea ( and maybe some sugar ) . wait a bit , push down the press and drink . the whole mug is well made out of metal and high quality plastic and rubber . the bottom stores a cannister which holds enough coffee or tea for another cup or two and the seal is tight enough to keep it fresh . i read another review of the mug somewhere and they complained about getting coffee grinds coming through . well let me say this mug has a double filter , one on the plunger part of the press and one on the lid where you drink or pour from . coffee used for french press preperation is supposed to be a coarse grind . i think that person tried using store bought ground coffee or just did n't know any better and put finely ground coffee in . the mug will do a pretty good job even with coffee like that , but some is bound to get through that way and you get a muddy cup besides the point so use coffee made for french press brewing not finely ground coffee and you will love this mug
1 your lodge will outlive you . the effectiveness of this dutch oven lies in its design which served chuck wagons a century ago and campers today ! cast iron is always a good value for the money and it 's indestructable ( i 'm still using my mother 's lodge skillet that she got for a wedding gift in 1954 ) . this dutch oven , designed specifically for the camp or fireplace cook , goes from the fire to the table with ease . it stews and bakes beautifully - get a dutch oven cookbook and learn how to make campfire biscuits as well as those stews and chilis ! also makes a fabulous wedding , shower , or housewarming gift . forget expensive wedding registries - buy the bride a lodge dutch oven and skillet . she 'll hand them down to the next generation . every camper can use this and so can every backyard griller . highly recommend !
1 brita filter . i have used a brita filter water pitcher for many years , and i love it ! the directions clearly state not to use hot water , and the filter snaps into place in order for the water to filter through properly . when my daughter visits , she says , and quot ; i 'd like a glass of brita water ! and quot ; :
1 great product ! . i struggled through many pages of product reviews and descriptions before i finally decided to purchase this particular brand . why ? because i did n't have a clue on which brand was good or bad , many of the reviews for mushroom/egg slicers were mixed , so i took a stab in the dark , and came up a winner ! ! this is a great product , stores easily , and works well . the curve where you put the mushroom ( or egg ) is just the right size and is just a wonderful time saver ! i love it
1 exceptonal cookware ! . honestly ... i do not , for the likes of me , understand why anyone would give this cookware a bad review . it appears that those who have , either ca n't read or did n't bother . we have had our set of calphalon contemporary nonstick for several months , and everyone in the family ( mom , dad , two teenage sons ) uses them . we use and wash them as directed . also , we do n't use any of the `` pam '' type sprays . so far they still look great and the foods cooked in them are delicious
1 so far so good . love these measuring cups . easy to use and see measurements . no more bending or guessing . worth the money
1 extremely good value for money . well constructed , good lid fit and solid handles . the cover handle gets very hot in use but this is to be expected as it is metal . the saucepan handle is quite narrow and if wet , or greasy , could be annoying to handle when draining the pan ( although i have not had this problem with any of the pans in this range ) . all in all , i think this is excellent valu
1 long-lived workhorse . i have owned this skillet for 25 years and it 's still going strong , even with constant use . still looks great , too . it 's a good size , easy to clean and useful for many purposes . the aluminum core spreads the heat well . this is a great value for the price
1 pyrex 17015 programable timer , an asset for a busy person . this is a great device and has multiple settings to keep tasks on track . very full featured and easy to use
1 the best kitchen timer you can get . i have bought this timer numerous times , and , after a few years , after it falls into a pot of soup or something , i go buy another . reasons : a ) the programmable timer which allows you to time several dishes simultaneously . b ) sturdiness . its magnet does not stay glued to the back forever , but otherwise it 's durable for an everyday electronic gadget - you should get several years of use out of it . c ) it 's one of the only timers i can find - and i look at big box stores , major discount stores , the supermarket , etc . - that allow you to time dishes longer than an hour or 99 minutes . this is important for pot roast , big chickens , turkeys , unusual dishes that simmer overnight , and so on . i recently bought it at amazon because the big box store where i used to get it , now only carries from pyrex a much more complex version which you do n't need for everyday cooking .
1 this is the best kitchen timer out there . in my opinion this is the best kitchen timer out there ! it has four separate programmable digital timers that can count up and/or down - each with their own alarm sound . it also has a regular clock setting . plus , you can either plop it on the fume hood using the magnet on the back of it , clip it to your apron using the clip or set it on the counter using it 's support stand . oh , and did i mention how small it is ? ... just another nice feature ! so yeah , no more having to set the oven timer , the microwave timer and my watch timer in order to keep track of all the various foods cooking at the same time . not only do i use this timer in the kitchen constantly i also use it for numerous other things too . it 's the `` time out '' timer for the kids , a ten-minute reminder when i need to get us all out of the house ... you name it ! my mother owns this same timer and is the one that originally introduced me to it , thank heavens ! i ca n't imagine running a kitchen without this hard to find item . if you check out bed , bath and beyond you 'll see they do n't have anything with four programmable timers . long story short ... if you purchase this timer i promise you will not be disappointed .
1 a great starter piece or addition to your le creuset collection . le creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products . le creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once . for this reason , one pot may look like another , but each is unique in its own way . cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently . it is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat . however , there are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay . remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly . this heat retention helps your food stay warm while serving . beware ; iron tends to be heavy so are these cooking vessels . cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel ? iron tends to rust ; iron oxide ( rust ) does n't add any complimentary flavors to your food . if your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled , you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel . adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good , but has multiple benefits . the enamel , being a solid coating , is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on , does not stain , absorb odors , retain flavors , and is easy to clean . the enamel can be damaged , so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood . the benefits of cooking with le creuset cast iron are many , but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically . the buffet casseroles are one of the most versatile pieces in the le creuset lineup . use this pan as a saut pan , a roasting pan , for poaching , or as a shallow braiser . the 3.5 quart capacity can is plenty of space when it comes to casseroles , so consider your recipes when determining the size you need . the buffet casserole tends to do best if at least three quarters full . any less and you may overwhelm your food with the evenly dispersed heat in the pot . with a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle . the tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides . this lid seals in heat , moisture , and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings . its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan . i tend to use this pot for basic dishes like smothered pork chops more than anything else . but once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella , frittatas , deep dish pizza , and casseroles , you can really open up the possibilities . keep in mind this is a 3.5 quart pan , feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want leftovers . it is probably the perfect size for a family of four in most cases . try baking pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests , poaching fish , or mac and cheese . the possibilities almost seem endless . one feature that people tend to complain about is the cost . the cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials . heck , cast iron does n't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping . however the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced . they then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans . if you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products , the cost tends to make sense . then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of . pros : extremely versatile efficient absorption and distribution of heat hygienic enamel cooking surface does not stain , absorb odors , or retain flavors easy to clean when not abused or misused can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table can easily last a lifetime cons : its heavy , as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 12.25 pounds
1 light weight board . i 've owned this board for a year now . pros- light weight , you can use very sharp knives on and not get much indentation on the board , compact . cons- well it can be a con that it is light weight since if you are trying to cut a larger item it might shift , but honestly , if you just get a cutting board that is larger you 'd have the perfect cutting board
1 a nice little addition to your home bar ! . i am giving this 4 stars rather than 5 simply because i do not like the way this just pulls on and off . i 've never purchased a shaker before though , but i would appreciate one the screws off and on so the top is certain to be on every time ! other than that..it 's very sleek and the strainer in the top is a plus
1 no trouble getting the top off . i have used this jigger several times a week since i got it back in november , and i think it 's great . i often make a second round with it . it is difficult to remove the top with the jigger on , but otherwise it comes off fine as long as you open it up right after you make and pour a round of drinks
1 not bad . this fry cutter is good if you have a small potato and want some fries ... otherwise you will need to cut your potato first . also , it takes a bit of effort to use
1 great product . this was a simple and easy to use product . i did n't even have to read the directions on how to remove the blades . the only downfall is that you ca n't use very big vegetables . i use it to make home made french fries . i had to cut the potato in order for it to fit in the cutter . aside from that it 's a great product
1 i never knew ironing could be this easy . i had a panasonic teflon coated iron before this . i did n't have any idea how much easier ironing could be - teflon is way overrated ! do n't get me wrong , i still hate ironing , but at least now its over a lot faster . plus , the iron is always at the right temperature for whatever i 'm ironing , and its easy to fill with water . the only thing i 'd like is a retractable cord , but it is n't a real cause for complaint
1 the joy of ironing ? . after reading a recommendation from consumer reports i was excited to see this iron for less that the suggested price . in two days it arrived and i am very pleased with this iron . although it is a bit heavier than my old one , the results were great . no tax ? no shipping ? no parking -- - the best way to shop
1 fabulous . loved this grill , unfortunately we have only limited counter space otherwise i will put this grill permanently in the counter . my husband loves the burgers that i made from this grill . they lean and delicious ! ! ! recommended it to anyone
1 cool cookin . i really enjoy cooking with the combo grill/griddle , its saves a lot of time on breakfast , lunches and dinners you get more meals at one tim
1 inexpensive knives . if you are looking for a nice , inexpensive set of knives , look no further . this set is very sharp , cuts well and fits into your hand nicely . they have great balance and apperance . the box is a little cheap feeling and looking , but allows for a great storage within a drawer or cabinet .
1 the most useful thing . i bought my vacu vin set about 4 years ago and it 's still working perfectly . it 's so easy to use and it does preserve the wine flavor for at least a few days . we no longer have to finish a whole bottle in one sitting or risk a spoiled wine . i 've recommended it to a few of my friends and they all say they ca n't live without it now . few things of note : * even with vacu vin , the wine will start to change flavor if kept over a week . * you do need to pump a lot more than the instruction indicates . keep pumping until you feel a strong resistance . * vacu vin can not be used for wines with fizz ( such as vino verde , champagne , etc ) . the reduced pressure will suck the gas out of the wine and make it flat very quickly . * it 's better to keep the bottle upright so there 's no pressure on the rubber stopper ( it does not need to stay moist like a cork ) . its purpose is to keep a leftover wine until you finish it , and it does that quite well
1 vacu vin concerto . product works as described , keeping red and white wines for longer than their normal corked shelf life . case could be a bit more substantial with a higher cosmetic appeal
1 perfect for the task ! . i have to say , i have been needing a meat pounder for a long time and this one is great . i used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part . plus is was very easy to clean , just some soap and water . i am very pleased with this item
1 very happy with this set . i just moved into my new place and i wanted a new set of dishes that were simple but unique and this set was perfect . just like past reviews have stated , these pieces are a perfect size . the bowls are awesome cereal bowls , the dinner plates are large , the salad plates are perfect for salad or a sandwich w/ chips and the coffee cups are used every morning for my cup of joe . i bought a second set to make sure i had plenty for when friends came over for dinner . speaking of friends over for dinner , on the two occasions that i have had friends over for dinner since i bought the set , people always compliment the pieces . i am very happy with my purchase
1 awesome and complete set . i cant say enough about this set . the cups are the perfect hot beverage size . the dinner plates are big enough for any meal and i love the square shape . they are versitle and fit any style . they also fit perfectly in the dishwasher and they set straight up and do not fall over so i never need to re-wash . the salad plates are big enough for salads , desserts , appetizers or condiments . bowls are great too
1 best brown rice ever . makes the best long grain brown rice that i 've ever tasted . only wish that zojirushi made a 5 cup version of the induction rice cooker
1 best little fan ever . i love this little fan . it 's perfect for cooling one person . i have it on my nite table and use it every night . amazingly quiet and soothing air .
1 works great . after reading the reviews , i decided to try these , since i was n't too thrilled with either the cost or quality of the senseo pods . after getting my three sets in the mail , i went to my grocery store , bought the starbucks sumatra whole beans , ground them to expresso grind , and went to try the ecopads . i followed the instructions , put the ecopad in the machine ( perfect fit ) , hit the 8oz button , and wa - la ! i would challenge anyone to tell the difference between the stuff you pay $ 3.50 a cup for at starbucks . i 'm definately hooked . i ca n't see how other reviewers have had problems with these . they are easy to fill , and fit perfectly in the machine . they are a bit messy to clean up , but its a fair trade off for the awesome coffee and the cost savings over the pods or actually going to starbucks . i would estimate i will get 50-60 cups out of a $ 6 store bought bag of coffee . basically , one heaping teaspoon fills up the ecopad perfectly . also i would estimate getting hundreds of uses out of each ecopad - they seem very durable . i am looking forward to trying different coffee 's with these . well worth the tiny investment
1 great sauce pan . i love to cook , and own several different brands of cookware , all clad , cuisinart , and calaphone . this sauce pan did n't disappoint me . i love it ! ! the pan has a wider bottom than most 2 or 2 1/2 quart pans . this is great if you need to saute onions or peppers at the beginning of a sauce , or if you need a little extra room to stir something . i am very , very happy with this
1 for the price , you ca n't go wrong . bought this set at a reasonable price of $ 19.99 and have liked them so much that i will be buying some more ! great set for the price , ca n't go wrong with them
1 lodge pro-logic pre-seasoned 8 '' pan is top notch ! . it 's just the right size for sauteing veggies and meat for one . cooks evenly and requires little cleanup . the preseasoning takes the guesswork out of initially readying castiron cookware for use . lodge pro-logic properly packaged and sent my merchandise in record time . i would definitly buy from them again and recommend them to my friends
1 a must have . the attachments that are available for kitchenaid mixers are worth their weight in gold . this is the most recent attachment i 've purchased for my mixer . i ca n't tell you how much time was saved when making apple butter and apple relish for the holiday season . this time of year , saving time is a good thing when there does n't seem to be enough time for everything on your lists ! ! ! happy holidays
1 great indoor grill . i have had my grill for a week , we 've cooked lean steaks on it , pork chops , and the other night we cooked hamburgers on it . this is my first indoor grill so when one review mentioned the `` george foreman '' grill was a bit faster , i was amazed i thought the delonghi cooked pretty fast ! ! clean up was really easy and one must remember to preheat it . i gather some have not . and as to smoking i have n't had any but then i buy lean meats and put water in the bottom if i think the food will drip a lot of fat . fat dripping into the large tray in the bottom is what burns and causes the smoke . i 've only used water once , with the hamburgers ( no smoking ) . this really is a great grill and large enough to be more than satisfying ( actual cooking space is 15 '' x11 '' ) . ease and comfort of use is amazing . i highly recommend it !
1 crock pot cheesecakes ! . i got this pan for making cheesecakes in a 5 quart round crock pot . ( there are recipes for these on southernfood.about.com in the crock pot section . ) this a good pan for this type of recipe ! it 's an unusual size , more than mini but less than full size . it 's a great size for one or two people . ( standard recipes and pan sizes always make waaaaay too much for the small household . ) i generally like kaiser products . very good german engineered quality ! the bmw of bakeware . no leaks , excellent materials , spring is excellent . i had some other springform pans that were useless and they went into the trash . not so kaiser . kaiser pans are keepers ! they are worth the little bit of extra money compared to other brands . america 's test kitchen/cook 's illustrated also endorses kaiser as the best springform pan choice ... and they really know how to evaluate and test equipment and cookware
1 fantastic pan ! . i just finished washing this pan , which i choose to use at an increasing rate . it washes up with ease , who needs non stick ? looks beautiful , more importantly , i love cooking in it . perfect size ! the only problem is , i wo n't let the men in the household use it , hmmm
1 stainless is better than nonstick - calphalon is best value ! . i purchased a custom collection of calphalon tri ply pieces in the past six months , starting with smaller pans and working my way up . i am so in love with them . this everyday pan is a workhorse and you simply can not beat the ease of cleaning . once you get used to it , cleaning the stainless ( versus nonstick ) is just as easy - and better because it is dishwasher safe . stainless versus nonstick is now my preference virtually all of the time . for skillet chicken , this is the absolute best you can do for a perfectly browned end result . i have one piece of all-clad and i can tell you honestly that i prefer the calphalon tri ply to it - though all clad is definitely exceptional . you will not regret this purchase .
1 very happy with this coffee maker . we bought this cuisinart coffee maker after reading the reviews of every single thermal carafe/10-12cup coffee maker out there ( our previous krupps had stopped working , and the current krupps model got bad reviews ) . we have been completely happy with this cuisinart thermal one - great coffee , easy to use , very hot - no complaints at all
1 basic model . the product i received was faulty so irobot sent me another one . robots are great but i you need to make sure they work right before the warranty is over
1 zip zap zowie . this is faster and safer than using a knife , with perfect results every time . our favorite gadget this summer
1 worth the extra few bucks . this toaster is definetly well worth the price . it is sturdy , compact and full of features . and the best of all ! it does n't burn the toast ! very happy with it and the $ 10.00 less price than at macy 's !
1 get this one ! . i bought this grinder for flax seed and it works wonderfully . what i love most is that after you grind what you need you can place the tight sealing lid that comes with it on and put in right into the fridge . nice look , great function and very clean machine .
1 excellent blade grinder for the money : - ) . i purchased the cuisinart grinder from amazon based upon customer reviews just over two years ago after trying two cheaper $ 20-ish models picked up at local discount stores . motors on one of the cheaper grinders locked up in short order ; the second lasted longer but the blades rusted after only 2-3 months in a storage building . the motor on the cuisinart is still going strong , but i had to trash it today . i have to admit that the blades did seem to be a bit duller after grinding enough beans to make 1-3 pots of coffee per day for two years straight , but that 's to be expected with a blade grinder . the on/off button broke about 2 months ago ; then , last week , the blade housing wore out and broke off while grinding my favorite john conti beans . others have stated that this grinder is less messy than some of the other models , but grinding coffee is a messy undertaking and a necessary evil to get the freshest coffee ! if i do n't try a higher quality burr grinder , i may get another one of these !
1 excellent press . i purchased this french press for my husband several weeks ago and i love it . happy with the regular coffee maker , i had little interest in the item until i saw it in action for the first time . it 's so easy to use and the flavor of the coffee is much smoother . it 's also beautiful . i purchased two matching cups at the same time and they remind me of russian tea glasses -- -a collecting favorite of mine . i highly recommend this all-around good buy
1 read the info . this is a decent unit . for those who do n't take the time to read or ca n't understand what they read the product listing states the scoop included is for a 4 ounce cup ( 4 x 4 is 16 ) . the usual sold in the us coffeemaker is a 4-6 ounces per cup capacity . coffee instructions say usually measures are for a 6 ounce cup . a cup is not what you use or the standard liquid 8 ounce cup . most advertised 10 and 12 cup coffeemakers hold the same total amount in the carafe . the manufacturer calcultaes what will sell . this has been going on since i bought my first coffeemaker 30 years ago . caveat emptor !
1 newer is n't necessarily better . the model 40053 is a good effort , but misses the mark compared to the now-discontinued west bend model 40032 triple timer , sold in the 1980s and 1990s . i do n't need a real-time clock , nor a stopwatch in a kitchen timer , because they just complicate the device . * water resistance ; * distinctive alarms for each channel ; * superbright blinking led secondary alarm indicator for loud environments ; * blinking lcd indicator for each active timing channel ; * shirt pocket size , countertop stability ; * single-hand programmability , and * memory recall for easy repeat timing -- that 's what i 'd like to see in an improved version of the 40032 . perhaps customer pressure can get west bend to bring something like that to the market
1 much cheaper at target . target sells this same item for less than $ 5.00 32oz . bottle . it pays to shop around !
1 great little pan . i use this pan alot . it makes great grilled sandwiches , pancakes and french toast . it is also easy to clean and stor
1 easy to clean up . i 've owned electric skillets before and it was always so difficult to clean up that we put them away and only pulled them out for big occasions . we bought this skillet a month ago and use it several times a week . we have n't had any problems with it at all , and we love the way you can pull the pan off for easy clean up
1 essential wine lover 's aid . the vacuvin wine chiller works as advertised and is a realy wine lover 's aid when white wiine is desired but the bottle is not chilled . using the vacuvin wine cooler within 5-10 minutes the wine is properly chilled .
1 love this ! . i did n't have a bundt pan , and i found this one when i went in search of one . i 'm so glad ! ! ! i 've only had it a week , but have used it 4 times ! ! has a very unique shape
1 gets weekly use . i love this steamer because it fits in all clad sauce pans from 2 to 4 quarts . the other version with the long handle does n't fit the 2-quart . works beautifully . easy to care for ( dishwasher safe ) .
1 functional and esthetically pleasing . if you love to prepare food , these measuring cups are for you . they are very well made and are fairly heavy . no cheap metal here . they feel good in your hand . if cooking is as much of an art as a necessity to you , these will make an excellent addition to your kitchen
1 great coffee , weak lid . this maker is the better of the two pod coffee machines i had . it is easy to make your own pods that work very well and you have much better coffee due to fresh grind . my problem was that the part that catches when you close the lid broke . it probably was mostly my fault but it is made of plastic unlike the metal one on the other pod maker i have . that is why the other one still works and the juan valdez is broken . if you are careful not to overfill your homemade pods you 'd probably never have a problem with it . just be careful in closing it and do n't force it
1 good coffee maker . i got this for christmas over a year ago , and it still works great ! i use it most every morning . the coffee quality is n't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it 's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup ( except to remove the used pod ! ) . i agree with the other reviewer that the juan valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging ( individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box ) , plus my grocery store does n't carry them . any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker . i use whatever 's cheapest , usually the senseo douwe egberts . i buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored . i prefer strong coffee , but even the dark roast pods are n't strong enough for me . i wish i had the black-colored machine because the white shows every single coffee stain
1 great for microwaving meal-sized soup or oatmeal . when all you 're having is a big bowl of chunky soup for lunch or oatmeal for breakfast , this bowl goes great in the microwave and on to the sofa with you . so many times one has to be careful microwaving a hearty portion of soup or oatmeal in a regular-sized bowl , because it will boil over . how much fun is that to clean up your microwave carousel before you can eat ? but this bowl is big enough to handle the bubbling . just take a kitchen towel under it against the heat and you will be cozy in your terrycloth robe on the couch for some nice potato-ing
1 does some things better than others . i 've used my pan twice before reviewing . the first time was corn muffins and they came out really well . they muffins popped out with ease . the second time i made lemon cupcake with white chocolate chips , and it was harder . the pan was hard to transport to the oven full of batter . halfway through baking , the batter drips onto the oven floor , causing me to put a muffin tin under the pan . when baked and cooled , the cupcakes broke while popping out
1 if you can find a better toaster , buy it , but good luck finding such a rariety ! . i dont think it was as bad as the reviews imply . i 've had mine about 6 months now and it still works fine , the only complaint i have is about the settings as one person said it can be the exact same on both sides and yet one side will `` burn '' and one be `` underdone '' . i just adjusted these and turned them so they both cook whatever i 'm making right , even though it is off by one number compared to the other side . so thats a fluke for sure which would make it worth buying one without any problems , but frankly i 've yet to find such a toaster . other then that i 've had no problems with this one , i love the look and style of it as well it is so cute and practical other then the above problem . i would recommend this toaster but as i got it as a gift i probably wouldnt spend the $ 50 but would gladly pay $ 30 for it . i dont think you can really find a better toaster i 've done the cheap kmart specials and frankly those dont last as long as this has without much worse problems or burning .
1 outstanding value . i researched many roaster pans before i settled on this and am i glad i did . it offers a truly stovetop worthy construction , no bending or warping , a great v rack , and superb heat distribution . the handles are comfortable and the pan fits perfectly in the oven . compared to the allclad , it is less expensive and better performance . a well thought out pan
1 my most essential cooking utensil . i love the way cast iron cooks . not to mention it is so nice to spend less on something that lasts longer and is easier to clean up ! i do have problems lifting things sometimes , but this is about the same amount of work as the non-stick pans that i used to have , although slightly heavier , the handles are ergonomic and the loop on the other side of the handle compensates by making a balanced lifting motion easier .
1 never put a carbon steel knife into the dishwasher ! . lisa s from ohio complains that the knives rust very easily and that this is a buyer-beware item . this is not a buyer beware item . this is an item that requires some knowledge about use and care of carbon steel knives . carbon steel is an alloy which allows one to hone a very keen edge and it is used for very fine cutting tools in general . it does rust very easily and should always be dried after washing , and even wiped with a little olive oil . these knives can not be left sitting in dishwater , and they should never be run through a dishwasher . if you want to throw your kitchen knives into a dishwasher , buy cheap stainless steel ones
1 good set of modern looking knives . i have recived serveral comments on how good these knifes look . i am in fact very pleased with the way they look , but even more important is how well they perform . they cut wonderfully ( for me at least , but i 'm used to cheapy knifes ) . yes they will in fact rust , although i have n't had this problem with my set ( had them for about four months now ) because i only handwash them and dry them immediately . one steak knife found it 's way into the dishwasher and sure enough it came out with a little rust spot , this was easily removed with a little steel wool . you just have to weight the benefits of the all metal knifes to those that are wood handled or plastic
1 a good little fan . this little fan does just what i need it for . a bit of air blown right at me sometimes while sitting at my desk . it clips on very well . i even tried it on a 1/2 inch overhang and it stayed on . i would reccomend 3/4 inch if you want to use high setting and oscillation . that oscillation is of no account by the way as the fan just is not that powerful . my reason for no 5 stars is the vibration . there is too much especially on high speed . this could have been solved with more and better padding on the clip . it does n't bother me but might others . the cord is coiled nicely to stay out of the way but has a good stretch . i needed to reverse the blow direction of the fan . this was easily accomplished by removing and replacing only one bolt . all in all very good for my uses . if you need just a bit of air in a tight space this one 's for you
1 awsome pot . i love all my calphalon pots , pans , and bakeware . best set i have every owned or used . even heat , easy clean up , i have never made reductions as easily as i have in these pots and pans . the fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top . i paid $ 26.57 for this after discounts and free shipping
1 great stock pot ... this a a great pot ... plenty big , and excellent quality . my friend bought one too , as i liked it so much
1 shawn 's . these work great to get that extra out of the bowls . i am very particular about my spatulas . i love pampered chef items , but do not care for their spatulas . they do not seem to slide very well . the miu ones slide easily on all surfaces
1 good product . i bought this hand blender for making split pea soup . using the hand blender made the soup so much creamier . my husband has diabetes 2 and he loves his sweets . i make him the instant , no sugar , no fat pudding and by using the hand blender it becomes very creamy and so much more palatable . so far the blender is working just great
1 love it ! ! . it lives up to the kitchen aid name . it chops , it slices and purees.. you name it . i 've made everything in there from dough to sauces and it has been amazing .
1 cuisinart santuko 7 '' fine edge -- fine by me ! . this knife has a lot to offer as far as i 'm concerned . i 'm not looking for a highlife line of knives ... because i have a family -- all of which do not respect special care of important knives . i want a knife that cuts well..thats sturdy ... and can take some abuse like being in water or not being cleaned right away . i do not buy wood handles anymore either ... because too many times the knife goes in the water or is not cleaned promptly . i also want one that will stay sanitary ... or can be sanitized . this santuko by cuisinart fits the bill for me . the weight is excellent for me ... i have a large hand for a woman ... and some health issues for which i prefere a lighter handling knife that cuts without a lot of pressure ... and will not make my wrist ache when used . cuts like a dream through all the fruits and veggies i tried it on . washed up easy and quick ... dried quick too . i paid only a little bitty amount for this very big hearted knife . i recommend it for all real cooks out there ... that also have family using your stuff
1 good but fussy . this is a pretty good timer with two timing capability , but the only complaint i have with it is that you have to push a minimum of four different buttons just to stop the timer and get it to stop the led screen from flashing . however , it has very nifty features and the sound of the timer is not too irritating . also , the five minute warning is very useful
1 oxo steel 59491 ladle . yes , it is just a ladle , but a very handy one indeed ! ! ! ! ! i find myself using this ladle just about everyday , than in the dishwasher and on to tomorrows pot . it is a great quality tool that i am sure to use a lifetime..
1 no problems . ok , cmon now . it 's a ladle and works well . i own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line . they all perform their function well and with style . and they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins
1 lovely with an exception . i adore this flatware ! the weight , the clean lines , and beautiful shape ! however , it only gets 4 stars because the knives develop rust spots when put in the dishwasher . to prevent rusting , i have to hand wash them . admittedly , it 's inconvenient and not something everyone wants to do . the spoons and forks seem to do just fine in the dishwasher so i do n't know what 's wrong with the knives . i 'm assuming they 're made differently . gourmet settings , the manufacturer , does have a warranty on the flatware so if you buy this set you may want to , or have to , make use of this
1 no rust for me . i 've had my set for about a year a half . i have n't had one speck of rust - i wonder if they had a bad batch at some point ? ? i would definately take them back . i can see how they 'd be too big/heavy for kids - but for adults they 're great . fit the contours of your mouth very nicely . i use mine with fiestaware and they look great together
1 handy kitchen helper . i bought this for all sorts of uses in the kitchen and am very happy with the quality of the product . kitchenaid consistently produces quality products . i use it when making bread to scrape it off the board to prevent sticking , for dividing the dough for rolls and loaves . overall i 'm very pleased with it
1 love the board , hate the packaging ! . i absolutely love this cutting board . it works well with most knives ( do n't use the serrated knives with tiny teeth ) . the board is very forgiving with repeated cutting . they are very heavy and very attractive . the only complaint i have is the paper packaging stuck to the board . i 've bought 3 of these and i could n't get all of the `` glue '' off any of the boards . i eventually just put the oil on the boards to protect them and that somehow helped get most of the sticky residue off . miu france really needs to use something that will not permanently stick to the boards . i 'd give it a 5 star if the sticky residue and paper came off easily
1 beautiful crystal . this is a beautiful piece of glassware that adds a touch of class to any table . however ... and this is a significant however ... a good decanter should be as broad as possible at the level at which a full bottle of wine will fill it . the idea is to have as large an air-to-wine interface as possible , so as to let as much wine as possible and quot ; breathe and quot ; . this of course is not terribly important for whites and better reds , but younger red wines benefit considerably from being decanted for an hour before they are drunk . therefore , i suggest this decanter be reserved for whites and reds that are and quot ; ready and quot ;
1 pillow top king fiberbed . three months after a purchase and i still have n't seen it
1 good filter for the price . i could definitely tell a difference in the taste of my water , and hopefully that means it 's chlorine free , but i have n't had it tested . however , it must be doing its job because the filter itself only lasts about a month ! i think that its life span just depends on how bad your water is . it works better that my old brita filter , which i could tell was n't working because my water still smelled like chlorine with that one . that being said , i would buy the pur pitcher over again if given the choice
1 convenient ! . this new pitcher is a an ideal size for smaller fridge plus not very heavy when full . water tastes great
1 perfect for new users . i have never owned a crock pot before , so i was a little apprehensive . i did a lot of research and finally settled on this item because of size , price and shape of the unit . i am extremely happy with the product . it is perferct for a first time user - not too complicated , but has eveything you need to make the most basic or more complicated recepies . it did not smell at all on first use ( many pots have that reputation ) . it is very attractive and fits nicely on my countertop . the inner ceremic part is very sturdy and cleans up very easily . i do recommend for first-time users that you purchase one good cookbook ( many are carried on amazon ) . i purchased several , and my favorite so far is `` the gormet slow cooker '' i have tried several recepies and they were all perfect . i am converted to crock-pot cooking ! !
1 excellent product . my slow cooker works perfectly and looks great too . the little dipper that came with it has proven to be a very nice bonus . i had not expected to use the little dipper but really enjoy hot sauces
1 very large glasses . these were not from the pattern i have , but matched perfectly to my pattern which has been retired ( italian vine ) - but they are very large ... which is okay if that is what you want . i do love them and they are fine quality
1 cast iron convert . i was looking for a non non-stick surface griddle to cook pancakes on and i got so much more . my husband and i are concerned about the effects of dupont coatings on our children 's long term health ( he is a doctor ) so i have been searching for a stainless griddle for ages . finally , i happened upon cast iron as an option . i never really understood the benefits of cast iron and it seemed so high maintenance -- all the seasoning involved . i was also reluctant to use it because you are not supposed to really scrub it clean which goes against my personality . plus , where would i store my seasoned not so clean griddle when i was not using it . well , the thing is ... when am i not using it ? ( and when i am not i store it in my oven ) i use it almost every day . the grill side works great for bacon , salmon , hamburgers , chicken -- anything when i do n't feel like firing up the grill . so far everything turns out perfect , not too dry . the griddle side is great for pancakes and eggs and truly non-stick without the chemicals of a coating to worry about . the bottom line is ... i love this product more than any other kitchen item since my kitchen aid mixer ( another love of mine ) . i plan to buy more as gifts for all my family and friends with gas stoves ( i am not sure how well it works with electric eyes ) . truly a kitchen basic . if you are thinking of getting one , you should
1 compact , but powerful . this is the perfect size food processor and blender for the home cook . i like to use it to make homemade basil pesto , hummus , smoothies and shakes . its pretty powerful , good quality for the price , and does n't take up too much space in the kitchen
1 most durable steel i 've seen . got this as part of a wedding gift and could n't believe how strong and sturdy this is . i imagined if it fell out of the window of my kitchen into the street from the 2nd floor that it 'd have a tiny scratch . it 's a fine container , nice looking , and i 'm glad i got it
1 need to iron it . good for the price , i wish it didnt get crumbled ... and was wrinklefree
1 cusinart griddler . the cuisinart griddler has proved to be a very handy appliance in my kitchen . it 's various heat settings which are accurate is very helpful in perfect results for various tasks . we have become addicted to panini ! they come out perfectly . steaks are done to perfection ! i have not used the griddle as much , but when i have the results are great .
1 what a difference this light makes ! . i suspected that a daylight spectrum lamp might be a complete hoax . i work in an interior office with no view of natural light . that 's 8-10 hours a day in a room with flourescent lighting ! when i would come in , i would feel foggy and depressed and unmotivated . when i would leave , i would feel blinded by the light outside and out of sorts . so i bought this lamp on a whim from a sharper image store . it comes with a brushed steel lampshade , but the store also gave me a white translucent vinyl shade which is what i wound up using . the light is softly diffused around my workspace . i can increase or decrease the intensity of the light using the dimmer dial . and honestly , whether it 's psychological or whatever , i feel so much better since i plugged this thing in ! i am perky , motivated and when i walk outside , i do n't feel shocked anymore . i would recommend this lamp to anyone who works lengthy hours indoors without natural light . employers , buy this for your employees-it 's a godsend and it looks cool too
1 great value . twenty bucks for three name brand skillets is a great price . they are not part of farberware 's higher end line ( obviously from the price . any educated consumer will recognize and admit this . ) the bottom line is that they do what they 're supposed to do . we are replacing a very heavy revereware non-stick pan my wife bought 1.5 years ago . the teflon wa flaking off . she had paid $ 45 for it . we decided that most of the supermarket non-stick frying pans we 've had over the years lasted 1-2 years and they were usually $ 13-20 . this farberware set is a great value
1 my favorite grill pan . i have owned my fair share of indoor grills , from a foreman grill to a really heavy grill pan which i ordered through amazon . not too long ago i recently acquired the calphalon grill pan because my foreman grill is too small if i want to cook a piece of meat and some vegetables at the same time . plus the black coating on my foreman grill is wearing out . so i bought the calphalon grill pan when it was on sale at a local department store . i have n't been able to get enough of it . it is so easy to clean even when i had cooked a piece of meat that was marinated in italian dressing or in my own concoction of ground fennel seed , garlic , shallots , and extra virgin olive oil . the marinade will of course stick to the grill which is expected however cleaning it off the grill pan was so much easier than my last grill pan which was heavy and difficult to clean because it was n't non-stick . i also like using the calphalon grill pan because i can cook both the meat and vegetable ( say asparagus ) at the same time . the results are fabulous . i get those wonderful grill marks and grill taste . although it is a bit big for this apartment dweller , i still consider this grill pan the best of all the indoor grills i have owned . well worth the money too
1 lightweight , excellent heat distribution , easy clean-up . i 'm thoroughly impressed by this set of inexpensive skillets : each of the three are the right size for my use : small skillet for nice round pancakes , larger skillet for general stir-fry , the griddle for bacon , eggs and toasting bread ( with more than enough real-estate to cook two of three at the same time - could have crammed in the bacon but that releases too much fat ) . the best part about this entire set is that it cleans up so well - i 'm coming from some lousy tefal ( remember when they were actually a premium brand with good quality ? those times have long gone ) which stained really badly , not to mention the nonstick flaking off after a couple uses . i 've even tried some of the el-cheapo calphalons ( another premium brand going downhill ) from amazon and they chip and wear fast right out of the box . i 'm now a convert to farberwear - they are inexpensive and has really held up to the test of time ( this is in reference to my stainless-steel set i purchased right after college 10 years ago - they 're still going strong and is testament to their quality even if they do n't have the name or pricing to show for it ) .
1 a great little gadget to heat water for tea . i can fill up this little tea pot and in less than five minutes have enough hot water to make four cups of tea . no guessing the temperature as is often the case with heating water in microwaves . and the automatic shut-off makes it great for the office
1 good product but some design flaws . have had it for three years but have n't used it much . the times i have used it , it has worked very well . dislikes : cant tell when it is done boiling the water . there is no indicator . the only way is to hear the switch click from on to off . also , there is a min and max line for the amount of water needed to use . however , very hard to see so i used a sharpee to highlight on the outside . would be nice if it had cup indicator markings or other markings to tell you how much water you are boiling
1 great for flour tortillas . i have used this griddle so much i have worn it out and am now going to buy another one . i have great results making flour tortillas with it . i always use the quaker flour torilla mix from wal-mart . every now and then i have a blow-up , but once you learn the proper technique for flattening the bread it 's really easy , and much faster and easier than rolling them out by hand .
1 very good , but expect some hiccups getting started . we needed a small countertop dishwasher for our rec room , and after a few months of use , i can say this one is working out very well . it shipped quickly , with no damage ( the box was pretty tattered , but the packing material and the actual dishwasher were fine ) . it 's large for a countertop device , certainly bigger than most microwaves . be sure to measure your available space , especially clearance to any cabinets above your installation site . i hit some minor bumps getting it installed . the dishwasher hose nozzle is supposed to connect to your kitchen faucet using a threaded quick-connect coupler included in the box . the coupler is supposed to screw onto the end of the faucet , but the faucet on that sink was a removeable spray handle on a long hose . there 's no way for the included adapter to hook up to this , so i wound up having to install a new faucet ( this is n't as bad as it sounds , as we were planning to replace the old one anyway ) . i brought the quick connect adapter to the hardware store with me to be sure it would fit the threads on the new faucet . everything seemed okay in the store , but when i got home and installed the new faucet , i had some trouble . it turns out that the included adapter is n't particularly good quality , and did n't fit the faucet threads tightly enough to stay in place once the water pressure was actually turned on . i blew the hose nozzle off the end of the new faucet a couple of times until i finally went back to the hardware store and picked up an off-the-shelf adapter . fortunately , it looks like danby is using all standard-sized parts , so i was able to replace the flaky adapter with a new one that works well for only a couple of dollars . once i had the thing up and running , it was easy to load and use . the basket is built to hold four full place settings , but i find that with some creative jiggering i can get it to take in any odd collection of dishes , mugs , baby cups , storage containers and what have you . the basket insert is removeable , converting it to an all-glasses tray , which we found useful for party cleanup . the machine really heats the water , so dishes come out clean . even sticky stuff like melted cheese usually cleans right up . i 've never had to use the heat-boost `` sanitize '' setting . it uses a very small amount of dishwasher soap and rinse fluid , and you want to be careful not to add too much . i made the mistake of overfilling the soap holder ( spilled a little too much , figured it would just rinse out , oops ) and wound up flooding my countertop in suds . this has only happened once and there was no damage . call it a learning experience . i saw in some of the other reviews that the timer knob occasionally wo n't advance when you start running the machine , and this did happen to me once as well after i 'd had it for about two weeks . it has n't recurred since then , either becuase i 've been particularly careful to set the timer in the right start position , or the timer 's `` wearing in . '' been using it steadily several times a week for a few months now , and after the initial hiccups , it 's been working fine . no complaints , and now i 'm looking for a danby under-counter mini-refigerator to replace one in the same rec room . i 'd recommend this dishwasher , provided you do n't mind a little effort getting it dialed in
1 floppy , but otherwise good quality . this pan is nicely made , and is fairly thick silicone - but when full , it is floppy and does n't hold its shape on the sides . the cake i made turned out with bulges on the sides that i had to trim off to make it a nice , neat rectangle . i understand now why some more expensive silicone pans have wire `` sleds '' to support the pans
1 good value . the cuisinart smo-56 is an overall good value for the price . the motor seems very strong , and the speed adjustments are adequate . the casing is brushed chrome plastic , but it looks nice . it 's not as solid feeling as some of the more expensive blenders
1 fiestaware fan ! . last holiday season , i received this fiestaware scarlet dinnerware set as a gift . i absolutely love these dishes . they are strong , look wonderful , and put a smile on my face every time i open my cupboard at mealtime . not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant . i find the size of each item comfortable to use . the fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus . now i am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection . buy this set ! the quality and price ca n't be beat ! !
1 sea mist fiestaware dishes are wonderful ! . i love these dishes . they are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color . i liked the sea mist color even more when i saw the actual dishes -- it is very soothing to the eye , and i do n't think that i will get tired of it as i might with one of the brighter or darker colors .
1 super sharpener . just as advertised ! this sharpener is great ! knives that were very dull now slide right through anything being sliced ! sorry i waited so long to get this sharpener ! the price held me back- but it 's worth every penny
1 the best mug ever ! . you are going to love this mug . i bought it in the curry yellow , and ended up buying three more . the finish is beautiful and the shape fits your hand so well . it is like satin as you hold it and it keeps your tea warm and wonderful . the lip is perfect and not too thick . buy one and see ! ! chantal products are the best . check out their soup bowls
1 worthwhile purchase . had to turn in the first unit i bought for a replacement because a small plastic piece on the filter basket door broke , rendering the door useless . the replacement has worked fine , but i am very careful in swinging the door open . ca n't understand the nitpicking of other reviewers on the spillage when pouring from the carafe , and the forming of air bubbles in the water level tube . both problems are easily solved by pouring slowly enough . as to the peeling of the coating on the heating plate , i have n't had that happen either in the original unit or the replacement . i agree the instructions for setting the time on the clock and for the timer are a little complex - every time we have a power outage i have to refer to the manual to reset times . however , the timer feature has worked without fail , unlike the mr. coffees i 've had . i need to add that the poor visibility of the display is annoying . unless i 'm missing something , it 's backlit only when the unit is on or you 're resetting times . every coffeemaker has its pros and cons , for this one the pros far outweigh the cons . overall , a fine machine which makes great coffee ( hint : if you disagree with the great coffee try one of the caribou coffees - the combination is terrific )
1 nice appearance , poor construction , and good coffee . my wife and i selected the krups fme-4 coffee maker to replace the braun kf550-bk model we 've used for the last 2 years . the braun was , and still is , an excellent machine . but it lacked a timer , which the krups has . the krups has a good clock/timer system that can be a little confusing , unless you read the manual ( self-explanatory ) . the display uses an lcd that can be difficult to view from some angles . overall , it works okay . the construction of the krups is what bothers me the most . my braun coffee maker has a filter holder that can stand upright on the counter while i 'm filling it with grounds . this is really useful . unfortunately , the filter holder for the krups is not designed to stand on a counter , so i have to replace it in the coffee maker unit or hold it with my free hand while adding grounds . this is a big annoyance . also , the review that mentions the uselessness of the water-level indicator on the side of the unit is completely accurate . bubbles form in the indicator , making it impossible to read . few things bother me as much as a feature that looks great on the packaging , and that 's all . regarding the carafe , yes , it does spill ; but , only if you try to pour too fast . i had the same problem with my braun , and just backing off on the angle of the carafe while pouring is enough to keep the coffee in the cup . overall , there are some critical design flaws that really should n't be present in such a frequently used product ; but , it makes good coffee and is fairly simple to use . in hindsight , i might have instead bought the braun kf580-bk , which is identical to my current model plus a clock/timer
1 toaster oven is great for family on the go ! . we 're a busy family of four . this product has so many more uses than our old toaster plus it cooks fast and it 's simple to use ! this has been a great alternative to heating up the oven for a few pieces of cheese bread or a snack pizza . i was surprised at how evenly everything cooks . we 've been very pleased with this product , in fact it has become an essential appliance . the only draw back is that it takes up more counter space however that con is overweighed by all the pros . i never thought i 'd give up my old toaster , now i wish i 'd done it ten years ago !
1 refund . i love corelle and purchased this for my son and his new wife . the item was not able to be delivered and i received a quick no hassle refund . amazon is very easy to deal with !
1 le creuset dutch oven . for those of you that enjoy cooking and the best for your kitchen , these dutch ovens are a must ! excellent for slow cooked stews , roasts and soups . wonderful heat retention with the cast iron core and the enamel coating keeps it a snap to clean . no sticking and no taste or metal reactions plus the colors are so attractive , they can be a really nice accent in your kitchen .
1 my 2 cents worth added to the debate ! . i pretty much agree with ilikeamazon 's review below . this blender looks nice , sounds quiet and does n't dance all over the kitchen when being used . the lid stays put and it 's easy to clean . it also matches all my other small kitchen aid appliances . like others though , i make a smoothie every morning and i 've had to learn how to use this blender for that . first , it 's helpful to let any frozen items sit for awhile in the blender ( i load it as soon as i get water on for my coffee so it can sit until the last thing i do before leaving the house ) . if pushed for time , then i 've found that putting the blender on pulse and constantly pulsing until the contents agitate on their own helps . the problem is that either the funnel shaped bottom and/or the blades being turned in several directions pushes the frozen mush above the funnel shaped bottom of the blender . air enters the funnel shaped bottom and the mush calmly just sits above the blades . at this point , the blender can be stopped and the mush gently pushed back down into the funnel before restarting the blender . kitchen aid products ( and their customer service ) are superior . this blender is a nice addition to my kitchen . as ilikeamazon said : `` there are always tradeoffs . '' i do hope however that they improve on the smoothie making capabilities of this powerful , attractive blender . then it will be a five star appliance . by the way : i like amazon too !
1 works well and looks nice . i was looking for a kettle with a handle that i could pick up without using an oven mitt , and one that does n't require removal of the whistle ( also with oven mitt of course ) before pouring . this kettle fit the bill . the handle as well as the whistle are plastic and cool to the touch . the whistle flips up with a touch of your thumb and does not require removal . i have been pleasantly surprised by the kettle beyond the two features above ( which i would have thought would be standard on every kettle , but that is so not the case ) . it looks nice and is sturdily constructed . the whistle is a gentle reminder , not a screaming alarm . it holds a lot of water , enough for about 8 cups of tea plus a little water to rinse out/pre-heat the tea pot with . my only suggestion for improvement is for the handle . because it 's a straight bar across , it 's not very ergonomic for pouring . i often find my right wrist at a strange , almost uncomfortable angle . i have solved the problem by using my left hand as well -- first i tilt the kettle with my right hand , then i use my left hand to hold the kettle while it 's pouring . i think a curved handle would eliminate this problem
1 best spatula ever ! . i am quite enamoured with this little utensil . i bought it because it was the cheapest silicone spatula i found , but it turned out also to be the best designed . the all-silicone construction not only protects the handle from melting , and you pot from scratching , but makes it the easiest and most comfortable to use as well . also note that most silicone products are only rated for use up to 400 f or so , while this is rated to 600 f. i havent used it at temperatures that high , but i 'm comforted to know i have that option if the need arises
1 canister . the canister size and shape is very suitable ; it properly sized to store easily all of our cold cuts . the part that i do not like is the time it takes to pull the vacuum . it seems that the sides handle are not design to pre-load the cover so will seal the gasket . design could be improve
1 fantastic ! ! . this is the best can opener i 've ever used ! with arthritis in my hands and wrists i 've always struggled with can openers . ( the electric ones take up valuable counter space and tend to spill the liquid contents . ) the oxo is easy to grip , easy to turn the knob and i appreciate the little jaw-grippy thingy on the side to help seperate the can and lid .
1 love this thing ! . i use this for more than just tea , defrosting frozen veggies , making broth , a few drops on a sponge for cleaning , this thing is the greatest
1 got to have more ! ! . this bakeware is absolutley the best i have ever had . it does n't stick , rust , or burn . super easy to keep clean , just toss in the dishwasher . i you are a baker you must have this , you will be amazed
1 anolon cokware . i have used analon cookware since 1997 . the handle came off one of the saucepans . before i could return it , my husband tossed it out . i replaced the saucepan and purchased some additional items . they arrived in great condition and in a timely manner . i have used the pots and they have met my expectations . i would like to order some of the other accessories .
1 cakeluvr . this bundt pan is great . the cakes come out cooked evenly , moist , and removes easily from the pan . made 3 cakes using this pan and everyone loves them ! this bundt pan is going to be used alot more ! ! ! i love it !
1 easy to handle . i like the two short handles versus the one big handle on other boilers . this is a little less obtrusive on the stovetop that the one handle design . it would not work well for sauces or other tasks where you need your other hand to wisk or stir . works great on the flat top range and cleans up nicely . highly recommend , but it seems to be out of stock often
1 great product . we needed to replace a 30 year old farberware frypan . this pan was better than we expected . we are so grateful for amazon.com ! !
1 beware -- this is a huge pan . farberware classic is great -- an inexpensive yet equally functional alternative to the very expensive pots and pans . note : recently farberware reduced its quality , in that older farberware pots and pans had their thick aluminum base completely encased within a stainless steel shell . the newer pots and pans have the aluminum base attached to the bottom , but not encased within a stainless steel bottom . so , their quality is less than it was ; most people who `` grew up with farberware '' may not realize this . farberware used to hold the patent on the technique of having the aluminum base curve up the side of the pan -- they no longer do this , and are the same as many other manufacturers . also note : if you are buying a 12 '' pan , this is a huge pan , since it has a squareish cross-section . i found it to be so absolutely huge -- you could fry a dozen onions in this monster -- that i simply never use it . the 10 '' and 8 '' sizes may be what you 're looking for
1 works like a charm . ive had only great hot drinks from my machine ! ! i love it
1 good quality , a little stiff . these sheets are pretty good -- they 're nice and heavy , and i definitely feel like they 're going to last a looooong time . they are a little bit stiff , and they do n't seem to be softening up too much as time goes on . i expected them to be a ton softer . they are really good sheets , however , and i would buy them again
1 great help with kitchen aid mixer ! . the extra long rubber portion of this spatula works very well to scrape down the sides of the bowl as it flexes along the curve of the bowl and reaches the bottom easily
1 quality gadget . this spatula has an easy hold grip , works like it 's supposed to , and washes well in the dishwasher
1 quiet little cute machine . just compare this one with braun , try to turn it on without the coffee beans and you would notice braun is louder than toastmaker , this is quiet and grinds well . just got it a month ago , not sure about the life of the machine . but i believe its cheap and best
1 red hot ! . i love garlic and this has been the best garlic press . i 've use this almost every day for the last 6 months and it still works and looks great ! it 's definately worth the money
1 best garlic press i 've ever used . this garlic press is very well made . it 's got some weight to it , but no too much . works on the biggest cloves of garlic leaving only the skin behind . well worth the money . easy to clean
1 a solid no-frills toaster oven . we celebrated 45 years of marriage and a toaster oven has been a kitchen essential for all of those years . the cuisinart tob-50 is number 4 . it 's predecessor lasted for 24 years so it has high standards to meet and i 'm optimistist . we choose it for it 's simplicity , solid feel , and size hoping for reliability and ease of use . in it 's early months it is meeting our expectations . it is one of the most solid and basic that i 've seen on the market . the controls are solid and easy to use . it toasts evenly and you have the ability to control the darkness of the toast easily . my baking use has been limited but it does a good job of heating small portions that you do n't want to microwave . the door and the hinges are solid feeling . it is a nice size without being too bulky . we store it inside a cupboard so size was an important factor . it will toast 4 slices of bread or 4 to 6 waffles depending on their size . it has a soft bell to let you know when the heating cycle is done . the crumb pan is easy to use making the unit easy to clean . the only `` con '' i can think of in this unit is that the shelf does not pop forward when you open the door so you need a hot pad or shelf pull to pull it forward safely
1 good oven - beware warranty pitfalls ... we had had this oven for a couple months when the door would no longer stay shut . i tried jamming a wooden spoon against it to hold it shut while cooking , but found this sort of absurd . so i called cuisinart for warranty service . they said they 'd replace my oven with a new one , but i had to pay to ship the oven to their warehouse in nj and it would take a few weeks . in the meantime my husband found a set of little magnets at our local craft store , and fixed the problem ! so i was n't going to ship the oven to nj - until a replacement oven arrived ... before i even sent the first one out . hmmmm . anyway , we 're enjoying this toaster oven very much and use it practically every day . it is slower than a regular toaster , but cooks four pieces of toast/waffles all at once , so i figure its a fair trade . it does a nice job with open-faced sandwiches or chicken nuggets for the kids on the broiler pan , without having to heat up our full-sized oven . a practical choice especially for families with kids
1 the teenager i bought this for , loved it . the lounger is unique and can be used for watching tv or playing with games .
1 makes cooking fun ! . i love this thing ! not only does it perform beautifully , but it 's absolutely gorgeous . i prefer to serve meals in it rather than one of my pretty platters . i waited a pretty long time ( almost a year ) before writing my review to make sure i abused it enough . this is my 2nd review . because it 's well made , it 's pretty heavy ... that 's why the `` helper handle '' is so helpful . we have a chicken salad about 4 times a week so i wanted a really big pan to be able to sear my chicken all at once without having to work in shifts . to clean and sanitize stuff , i put everything in the dishwasher ... vacuum attachments , toothbrushes , dog and cat toys etc ... so the fact that this fits in my dishwasher is awesome for me . i wash it by hand about 1/2 the time . the nonstick coating is wonderful ... not a scrape or scratch on it . pay particular attention to cleaning the rivets ( that might be the wrong terminology ) that attach the handle to the pan on the inside . the dishwasher gets all the icky stuff out of every crevice , but i use a soft dish brush for the rivets if washing by hand . : -
1 best cake pan you 'll ever own ! ! . i totally love this pan ! i bake cakes all the time using this and other hoffritz pans and they are absolutely wonderful . i was first impressed by the weight of the pan , the non-stick sufrace , and the even heat distribution . i noticed a remarkable difference in the quality of my cakes from the very first time i used the pan . not only do my cakes look and taste great , i never have to worry about my cakes getting stuck to the pan or being lopsided . i 'll never buy a cheap pan again . it 's really is worth the extra couple of dollars . i doubt i 'll ever have to replace any of the pans i 've bought from them . i also purchased the hoffritz springform pans and 9 '' rounds , same great results
1 best coffee ever ! . i have owned this for years and love it . the directions indicate that for 1 lb of coffee , you add 5 cups of water and let it sit ( for hours ) . i actually add 9 cups of water and the coffee concentrate works just fine . i fill my ice cube trays with the coffee , then bag the cubes so that i can use it over time . it is delicious every time when you put the concentrate in a 3 to 1 ratio with water ( american coffee ) or less for stronger coffee ( e.g. , espresso ) . i particularly like to use these cubes for iced coffee -- it comes out nice and strong , not watered down . a final bonus to the toddy maker : used coffee grounds are a folk remedy for fire ants . if you have them and you want them gone without throwing a bunch of chemicals in your garden . put these atop their nest ( but watch yourself ! ) . they leave pretty quick .
1 great skillet , the best part is that its made in usa . the skillet is great for for frying huge amounts of chicken cutlets when you want them all done at the same time . the quality of the cast heats evenly and stays hot as you add food into the skillet . its much better then using teflon ... ( did you know if you burn teflon it kills birds , especially parrots ) well i never liked cooking in teflon and i have always loved a set of skillets that was passed down from my great grandmother all the way down to me . i am able to sear meats and gently cook scrambled eggs to perfection . its important to realize , looking back to people that traveled the country on horse back carried a cast iron skillet and a dutch oven ... those same skillets are still in use today.. try so to the same about your teflon or stainless steel pan from china . just a good american made cast iron skillet and its very affordable to ! ! !
1 mango splitter . what a delightful gadget - works as advertised ( how unusual ) ! creates nice slices of mango without the mess and without ending up with all the small slivers of fruit you normally get . love it
1 they fixed the permanent-label problem . great board . i 'd purchased the `` big brother '' to this kitchenaid cutting board about a year ago , so i understand the frustration of the reviewers who complain about the apparently unremoveable label . ( it sounds petty until you try to scrape it off yourself . ) the label did eventually come off , but it did take a bit of muscle . so i 'm glad to say that this board arrived , a month or two ago , with no sign of a nasty kitchenaid label at all . no more wrestling with my kitchen equipment for me ! and , like the larger version of this cutting board , this one really is excellent . it really is non-stick , even when the board is wet ( such as when you rinse off the tomato goop before you cut up the scallions ) . it cleans easily and quickly , and has no objection to the dishwasher . plus , it looks pretty enough that i do n't mind bringing it to the table , which is more than i can say for most non-wood cutting boards
1 never an empty pad ! . we purchased the pad for the senior cat in our house . at 14 , he is the oldest of 5 - all indoors . we put it on the bed ( his favorite daytime nap spot ) . he loves it , but so do the other four . they all try to squeeze in on it , with him , or take it over when he gets up . it 's never empty ! it has a bit of a `` crinkly '' noise but they do n't seem to mind it after they try it . it seems to work great and very easy to keep clean . the patterned side can be de-furred with a few quick swipes of your hand , following the direction of the fabric nap . good purchase and endorsed by all 5 of our cats
1 mrs. great thing to own and very useful for cooking small quantity of foods . i use it a lot
1 its hip to be square . these beautiful square dishes were the inspiration for my purchase of a complete service for 12 plus serving pieces . i love them ! they have a very contemporary look , and they are very durable . what is also nice is the fact that they are larger than your average luncheon/salad plate too
1 beautiful ! ! . this corelle set has that handcrafted italian detailed look but without worrying about everyday wear-and-tear . it 's time to retire my old butterfly pattern which i 've had for decades . i rate it four stars only because it would be so much more practical to sell these in sets of six . it 's more profitable for corelle but not so practical for us . yes the bowls are shallow and the mugs are stoneware so they are not break resistant .
1 henckles 4 star fillet knife . i have , and do use , many different fillet knives but needed one for knife block in the kitchen . it had to match my other 4 stars . it not only matched but the construction if great and is an excellent performer
1 worth the money ! ! ! . my friend purchased the breadman panini maker a few months ago . every time we spoke he was making some kind of panini sandwich . he raved about this panini maker so i had to get one for myself . i love it ! it is so easy to clean . it is such a wonderful item that i would 've paid double the price if i new how well it worked . it 's hard for me to believe that anyone could be disappointed with this item .
1 sturdy , high quality . these are well-made spoons , not junky at all , which is always a possibility with cheap , mail-order items of this type . the steel is heavy-gauge , and all the edges are rounded and safe . good value and a good way to and quot ; top up and quot ; an order
1 great little steamer ; this hs900 model is only $ 19.99 at target . this little unit is very versatile , you can use it to steam anything
1 outstanding quality and great price . this sturdy nylon whisk , like the rest of the products from the oxo good grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product to the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries . its elegant , stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the oxo good grips collection and is designed to the let flow the most air into your creams , meringues , custards and frostings for fluffier , even results . this is also a great tool for whisking directly into the saucepan on the stove , since its non-abrasive nylon materials are safe to use on non-stick cookware and are heat-resistant up to 400 fahrenheit . moreover , it comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . after submitting this product to over three years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- reviewed by maritza volma
1 makes the best coffee . i have owned at least six other coffee pots and was never satisfied with home made coffee , so dunkin donuts was where i would head to on my way to work . i got this coffee pot and i buy dunkin donuts coffee and grind it with the proline kitchenaid grinder and it is the best coffee i have ever had . recently i had a kitchen remodel and the electrician showed up with his cup of coffee in hand from dunkin donuts . i asked him later in the day if he wanted a cup of coffee and he was hesitant stating he did not like coffee from home coffee pots . well , i assured him he would love it . after having my coffee , for the rest of the week he never showed up with his own coffee , actually said , he preferred my coffee . after the job was over , he saw my sister a few weeks later and he mentioned how he missed the coffee i made . this is the best ever , perfect coffee every time and the perfect temperature .
1 worth the money . if you 're like myself , the 5 a.m. pot of coffee has to be simple . well designed makers keep it almost idiot proof . this one does a great job.once you learn that the spout is not `` drip proof '' , you will be happy with this as a purchase
1 excellent product and excellent product support . we now have two of these units . they are quieter than other hepa air filtration units we have had , do a better job of cleaning the air , and have excellent product support .
1 great filter -- noticably reduces dust . even on its highest setting , it is n't very loud . handy electronic screen shows how much longer it is until the filter needs to be washed or vacuumed . i used to wake up in the mornings because i had a stuffy nose due to all the dust where i live , and now that 's gone . i would say this is a worthy investment to anyone who is looking into buying a hepa filter , but does n't want to go broke from the filter costs . its cadr ( clean air delivery rate ) is tobacco smoke : 145 dust : 140 pollen : 130 this air cleaner is suggested for use in a single closed room up to 227 square feet . i 'm using it in a room that 's barely 200 square feet . i can sleep with it on its high setting , but i like white noise , so some may get annoyed with it . on high , the sound is akin to a normal fan that someone would run on their desk
1 quite pleased . i love this mug . pros : -the 20 oz . size makes it perfect for a college student sitting down to write a paper or read a book - or for that matter , anyone who will be seated for the next hour and needs some comfort while doing it . -the vibrant red is warming , comforting , and beautiful . -this mug is not to heavy to comfortably hold , full of liquid , with one hand . -it insulates well so that fingers are n't overheated while holding it . cons : -this is not related to the mug itself , but the shipping costs are monstrous . buy at least two if you buy one - i wish i had . it comes in a rather oversized box
1 does the job . a fork is a fork , right ? this does what you 'd expect . the all clad difference is that it is beautiful and because it 's stainless , it 's a very hefty knife . i think with will hold a large heavy cut of meat well . i use mine for chicken . sparkles when you put it in the diswasher
1 pleased ! . i have been looking high and low for a new flatware set and the minute i seen and amp ; quot ; non stop and amp ; quot ; i had to have it ! needless to say ... i am very pleased
1 love it ! . we have three dogs so the fur is endless . i come home from work and start the roomba and voila , no more dog hair . it picks up more stuff than my other vacuums ever did .
0 does n't keep my yappy cairn from barking ... he just looks away from where the spray emits -- and barks again ! it also does n't work 100 % of the time ... and we 're not sure why . when we fill it , it seems to work fairly well right after but it either does not have as many sprays as it is supposed to , or it is n't working very long . it does work well for my other small dog who is not such a persistent barker . terriers are just too stubborn to care if they 're getting sprayed , i guess .
0 buyer beware . having read the other reviews of this product on this site , i decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other reviewers had encountered . i ordered three of these products from this site , and when they arrived , not a single one of them worked - at all . they were completely useless and despite trying everything other reviewers and the manufacturer suggested , these products are completely useless . although i have contacted the manufacturer of this product about the defects , i would still like the buyer to be aware that if purchasing this product from this website , that if the product does not work , it can not be returned for a refund or even exchanged . thus , your credit card will still be billed , your dogs will still be barking , and you may get stuck with products that are worthless .
0 only sprays intermittently with my cocker spaniel ( 15 lb . ) . sometimes it sprays when she barks , most of the time it does n't . so i would say its effectiveness has been rather low . it 's not the battery or the fill level - maybe it just depends on the dog . i can bark into it myself and it sprays just fine . ( my children found this amusing .
0 save your money . this item is cheaply made and i sent it back . the picture looks cool but it 's deceiving . the minute hand was so loose that when it was on the right side , it flopped down to the right and then when it was on the left , it plopped down to the left . it could n't keep the right time
0 i am returning this product . initially , my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking , but after a couple of days they acted like they did n't even hear the sound . now , they are back to `` bark all you want ''
0 do n't waste your money . i bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier . he did n't even notice it was there . i put it near his crate and it still did n't stop him from barking . i pushed the manual button and still nothing . it promises to stop annoying barking , but it did n't stop my dog for one minute . it was a complete waste of my money
0 do n't waste your time or money . our dogs did n't even notice it . we have three small terriers and i thought this would be a suitable device for a few house slippers . i was wrong - the kept on barking..
0 do n't bother with this model . read the description carefully . it states the speaker range is 50 ' not the microphone . my dog stood 10 ' away from it and even with the sensitivity on high and her barking right at the thing it would n't trigger . matter of fact i never could get it to trigger with barking . the only time it did go off was when i put the batteries in for the first time and my husband was mowing the lawn on his big riding mower and he knocked into a chicken wire fence which made me run out to get it with the unit in my hand . even then it did n't go off till i was about 4 feet from the mower . i also could n't get it to just make the ultrasonic sound . even when switched from audible to ultrasonic you still hear a noise . not just me but my husband too so it 's not a case of super human hearing on my part : - ) yes the timer option is very nice . this was actually why i purchased this one over the others as we only wanted to stop the night barking . but what good is the timer function if the microphone ca n't pick up the barking ? so read these descriptions carefully when looking at these control units . unless your dog always barks in the same spot and you can place this unit under 4 feet from them then pick something else .
0 lentek does not support their product . i have had my super bark free for 3 years . never really worked the way i hoped but i spent so much on it i keep trying . well now it does n't work . ca n't turn it off and it does n't cycle when the dog barks . i called lentek and the pleasant young man on the phone told me if it was within the warranty period `` 1 year '' they would just replace it . i told him i was willing to pay to have it repaired . he said , `` we are just the distributor and do n't support repairs of our product . that is the key , `` they do not support their product ''
0 did n't work ... my nextdoor neighbor 's dog merely ignored it . super bark free did n't work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor 's dog 's extremely irritating ear-piercing loud barking - he merely ignored it ( though fortunately my neighbor was good about trying to keep the dog quiet ) . i 'm mad that i wasted a lot of money on a totally ineffective product . if you decide to purchase super bark free , be sure it 's returnable for a full refund if it does n't live up to its claims . and in the meantime , shop around for a more effective product
0 this thing does n't suck ! . the one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly does n't ! this thing blows more air than it sucks dirt . what a useless thing . i 'm looking for one that will actually pick up the dirt from the recessed areas of my prefinished floor . this thing certainly does n't do it ! if you 're looking to buy this thing , look again -- there must be something better if not just your regular broom
0 do n't use with batteries ! . the design for using the dc adapter with led booklight is extremely poor . it is possible that i missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the dc adapter . but , it must not have been very big . i combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case . these were brand new batteries . there does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the dc adapter and so the power goes right into them . this is bad . modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries . i had assumed that i could leave the batteries in so that when i was at home i could use the adapter , but traveling i would use the batteries . do n't make this mistake
0 hate it . i got this fryer only yesterday i fryed some chicken wings and french fries the fries came out with so much oil and cooked for 10 min for a small batch i have been frying for about 10 years and know how to cook very well and i have to say this is just as bad as frying on the stove . i put the oil to the max fill line and with cooking the two things the oil went down to the min line do not buy .
0 my continuing crusade against gizmos : . there are a lot of theoretically good ideas that fail when executed . this is one of them . 1/quality : it 's made cheaply , and even before it breaks , it 's flimsiness does not inspire confidence . 2/resistance : the levels of resistance have nothing to do with real progression , as anyone who 'seriously ' uses this will be too strong for the machine in a few weeks , ( many will be unchallenged right from the beginning ) . the standard : if the set is longer than a minute and you still have strength to continue , you need more resistance . 3/compared to crunches : there 's a reason why crunches are done lying down : the weight of the torso supplies a fairly heavy resistance , whereas when you crunch in an uptight position the weight of the torso actually helps the effort , as you are dropping your weight down instead of lifting it up . much of what makes the ab crunch machine 'work ' is your weight dropping on it , not your muscles working . this little piece of plastic does n't have springs strong enough to resist your bodyweight and strengthen your muscles besides . ( you may achieve an isometric contraction that has some effect , but you can get -exactly- this effect , or -better- , without any equipment at all ! just tense up in seated crunch position for minute or so. ) ... of course , by the time a product is appealing to the public by claiming how supposedly -huge- a hassle lying down ( ? ? ) to do crunches is , we 've reached the real problem : this thing is designed to avoid effort . it seems as though no one goes broke helping people avoid effort . unfortunately , exercise is effort , and the more you avoid effort , the less exercise you get
0 cost ? ? . i have seen this online on other sites and in catalogs for $ 20 ( not on sale either - regular price ) . same siz
0 do n't buy it from dynadirect . the corningware dish is great , my 1 star is not for the item , it is for dynadirect . they are horrible ! item was backordered , but they never told me and charged my credit card . when i called they finally told me it was backordered and i ask that they cancel the order and refund my money . bad , bad servic
0 my pups just did n't get how to use this product . i was really hopeful about this product working . i have four dogs , ages 2 through 8 . i tried and tried to teach them how to use this product , but they just never could make the connection of the bark to pushing the button . they just ignored the paw and would n't ever put their paw on it to even touch it
0 read carefully ! ! ! . this is very misleading . this item is only half of the package . after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it work . very disappointed in amazon for allowing this
0 what are the colors made of ? . as this is a consumable food product , i 'd like to know what each color is made of . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
0 very poor quality . i am very disappointed . these flowers are worse than what you see at a grocery store . i ended up paying more from another vendor and getting flowers that she liked . i buy roses alot , and i know what a fair cost is for good quality . if you 're paying less than $ 30 , beware
0 too flimsy ! light also not that bright . being somewhat of an insomniac i read well into the hours of the night and a book light is essential to me . i therefore purchased the itty bitty booklight . if you do use this light it is essential to purchase the power supply for two reasons . firstly , there is no auto shut-off so if you fall asleep reading your batteries wear down very quickly . secondly , when using batteries , they start dimming rather quickly making it hard on the eyes and difficult to read resulting in the constant need for new batteries . this light is also extremely fragile . over a couple of years i went through 7 of these ! i would not recommend this light - for the amount you spend on the never-ending purchasing of batteries or the expensive power supply , and the constant new purchases after it breaks , you might as well splurge and buy a decent book light . i now have the tri lite by capstone enterprises ( available at barnes and nobel - come on and get it in stock amazon ! ) it is terrific ! it has a clock with an alarm and a timer . you can set it to stay on for any period of time and once it reaches that time the light flashes . at that time you can extend the minutes . if you do n't do so , for example you 're sleeping , it will automatically shut off . it also produces much more light and is much brighter than the itty bitty book light
0 poor quality . why does this light cost 30 $ ? for this price and supposedly a bunch of `` design awards '' , i find this light to be of extremely poor quality . the connection between the chord and the a/c adapter is loose and tends to fall out with the slightest notion of tension . the chord is also very sensitive and needs to be jiggled to get the light to stay on . i am still looking for a better alternative , but for the price , this light is n't worth the investment .
0 great idea , too bad it does n't work . i bought this for my mother-in-law at her request . she has arthritis and saw it on tv . she also wanted the free gripper that came with it . i scoured the listings at amazon looking for one that included the gripper , even paid a little more for it . she used the can opener once and it broke . the `` free '' gripper required sending away for it and an inflated s and h fee
0 save your money . the can has to be 100 % dent free for this to work . if you have even a tiny imperfection in the shape of the can , this thing wo n't open your product . a great idea , but this needed a little more refinement . paper weight in my min
0 water smells like plastic . i bought this electric kettle and while it did heat water very quickly , once i opened the lid the whole pot of water reeked of plastic . needless to say , the water was not drinkable . i do n't know if i was stuck with a bad unit but i would not recommend this electric kettle . buyer beware
0 very thin for a name brand towel : - ( . i bought these towels to wash my car , so i wanted a thick soft 100 % cotton nap . what i received was on par with the thin towels you 'd find at cheap hotel - not thick or soft . on the plus side , the sewed in tag did say 100 % cotton and it was made in the usa
0 do n't waste your money . this product does separate the fat but small bits of meat or vegetables will stop up the spout and the plastic is not heat resistant . mine cracked the first time i used it and after the second use it had to go in the trash can
0 old technology fat separator . once upon a time , not too long ago , they made and sold fat separators that permitted the juice to flow out from the bottom of the separator . this meant that the cook could harvest all of the juice , plus the tasty bits , instead of , as with this product , having to strain the sauce first ( for the bits ) and then sacrifice some of the sauce ( a small amount to be sure ) , lest the fat start to flow through the spout as well . this product is really just a step away from spoon and ice cube , and not a big step , considering that it 's not a complete solution . if the cooks 's purpose were to collect the fat -- e.g. , chicken schmalz -- free from juices , it would present the same problems
0 not to impressed . works well on carpets not to well anywhere else . the hose attachment is horrible , the hose is about 4 ft long and stiff and is not permanently attached to the vacuum , and when you try to clean furniture the movement losens it and it comes off . i have 2 dogs and 3 cats and i need to be able to clean the furniture . also when you could use the hose on something all the dirt piled up on the floor where the vacuum stood , it was not pulled into the bag . very disappointed with it and would not recommend to anyone with pets .
0 know what you 're buying . the international eversharp line is henckels low-end , stamped stainless line . it is not carbon steel . it is not hand-forged . it does not compare to the other henckels lines which are . you get what you pay for . these are cheap knives . this is the first time i have seen a set of henckels knives which could go in the dishwasher ... .but , that 's because on this line , you do not get henckels lifetime warranty ( which is voided by dishwasher use )
0 the bad reviews are right -- do n't buy it ! ! ! . i decided to give this product a shot . some reviewers said the bags would work properly if you do n't overstuff them -- still not true ! a large bag re-inflated when i put 2 standard pillows in it . so i took out 1 pillow and tried again , and the bag was nowhere near being full . it seemed to work all right , but the next morning the pillow had re-inflated ! and if you buy the bags with the zippers , the zippers come off easily , they make sealing more difficult , and one even tore a hole in the bag . i purchased straight from asseenontv.com , but their return policy looks a little weird . i 'm not sure if i 'll get a refund . also be careful if you order straight from asseenontv.com -- i upgraded to express shipping and got my package 12 days later ! i guess the product was just too good to be true .
0 shrinks and sheds when things get hot . this is the worst basting brush i have ever encountered . at first countless bristles fell out in my food and every time i washed it . ( although it 's dishwasher safe , it failed to come clean in there , even after a big squirt of dawn and much hand washing it is n't spotless , but i think i pulled most of the loose bristles out in the process . ) it also does n't stand up to any heat , i use it to lightly grease my griddle for pancakes and things ( at about 375 degrees ) becuase i do n't like the residue left by pam , and it shrinks and flakes bristle bits every time . i also do n't like the good grips in general ( these were a gift ) the handles are too bulky and take up too much space in my utensil crock and limited apartment kitchen drawers
0 beautiful but dangerous : buy for display use only . the fiestaware scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous . the handle is much too small for this size mug . if you can get your finger through the small hole , your finger will soon be as scarlet as the fiestaware . the first and only time my family used these mugs , two of us burned ourselves . fiestaware really screwed up on this one , a shame given the beauty of the scarlet fiestaware
0 barely gets one star . last year , i bought a pizza stone from pampered chef . it was a rousing success with my family . for the 5 of us , however , one stone was not enough and i wanted a companion that would help provide two delicious pizzas at one time . sadly , the product did not come through . my pizza stuck to the stone and had to be scraped off . i tried going against the directions and did n't preheat the stone the second time . it stuck even worse ! the pizza did n't get fully done in the middle , while the pampered chef pizza was perfect both times . i will be throwing the stone away and ordering the higher priced alternative from pampered chef . you get what you pay for ! !
0 disappointed . i thought i was getting a true cooking stone - but it is only a bread stone . can not cook other foods on it . i thought i was getting something similar to pampered chef cooking stone where i could cook meat , cookies , etc . and it seasoned the stone as it was used . if all you want is pizza or bread this may be the item - but it is very limited in use for the amount of space it takes up in the cabinet .
0 keeps coffe hot -- that 's its only advantage -- poor performance and quality . purchased the unit about 6 months ago and have never been happy with it . the heating plate under the pot started to rust ; the pot leaks every time it 's poured ; it 's almost impossible to pour water into the water chamber without spilling it ; the handle of the coffee basket broke within a few months ; and two days ago the entire top of the unit snapped off when we opened it to pour in the water . we purchased this unit because of the cuisinart brand and the stainless steel carafe . we will not purchase another
0 be warned ! they do not fit securely over all 5qt bowls ! . i have a kitchenaid model k5sswh heavy duty mixer and they do not fit over my 5 qt bowl . i regrettably only read the editorial review and bought these covers thinking i can snap them on . i use them to loosely cover my attachments now , but i could have used anything for that
0 warning ! . as shannon says , kitchenaid mixer bowl covers are terrific for storing food and attachments . but be warned : these particular covers may not fit your mixer bowl ! i purchased a new artisan mixer and amp ; ordered these to go along with it , but they are too small . they do not fit the artisan or ksm90 mixer bowls . models they fit are kbc5n , k5ss , and amp ; ksm5 only
0 what a pos ... started having problems with hot water spraying out and burning those who stand in front . contacted melitta and they said they are aware of the issue and i have to `` purchase '' a pod holder adapter due to the pods are too thick . i questioned charging people for something they manufactured and were notified was defective , the dummy on the phone did n't have an answer . i do not recommend this product . maybe a class action is due
0 bad advertising by amazon . i ordered this after reading that it `` includes 6 18 ounce bowls '' . this is bad advertising . i ordered 2 sets and only received 2 bowls . after i wrote to customer service and asked for the additional 10 bowls per the offer . amazon refused to send them and thanked me for `` pointing out an error '' . in 2 days amazon has not even corrected the ad . beware of this product and offer and know that amazon has not made good on its offer . i have ordered many products from this site , but will be more skeptical in the future , and will only order an item if it is an individual item with a name brand that i can track
0 average results - burned flavor . i am a big fan of espresso and espresso drinks but needed to save money so i bought this to make it at home . making espresso is easy enough if you follow the instructions ( i did n't watch the video ) . the frother even works well . the problem i had was with the flavor . the manual suggests making two or four shots of espresso at a time , but when making four shots the espresso was badly burned by the time it was finished brewing . i had best results making just over one shot at a time , but the flavor was still burned and flat . in the end , i used the machine for a couple months but eventually put it away and went back to my regular drip coffee maker
0 does non-stick refer to the packaging ? . everything sticks to these pans ! i can not get off the potato residue and i 'm probably just going to throw them away . they are awkwardly heavy . they do not warp , but they do pop out of shape ( this happens when the pans are in the oven and you 'll hear a very loud , scary pop ) . just awful .
0 calphalon . i have not received this item yet . i tracked this item and it seems that it was delivered aug 12 to phoenix , az . i live in oklahoma and that was the address on the shipment . what can be done about this ? thank yo . please let me hear from you soon . l. jackson
0 leaks , leaks , leaks ! ! . i ca n't believe this is a rowenta product ! if you decide to disregard the reviews , here are some things from the owners manual ( which i read before using the iron - and followed to the letter ) to give you an idea how temperamental/high-maintenance this item is : *do not use distilled water . you can use tap water - if it 's not too hard ( less than 12 grains - who actually knows this ? ) . softened water can also cause problems . basically , if you use anything except bottled water , expect problems ! *empty the water from the iron after every use . failure to do so will result in leaking or spitting *other than the rowenta soleplate cleaning kits ( which run about $ 12 ) , the only instructions/recommendations for cleaning the soleplate are what not to use . i had a very inexpensive panasonic iron for years - given panasonic is not really `` known '' for this type of item , my expectations were not high . it lasted 7 years with no problems and was low and/or no maintenance . do n't count on the rowenta name to equate to higher quality on this one
0 tea of cowage ! omg ! . i just got one of these nifty looking canisters , but mine seems to spell out `` tea of cowage '' ! lol.. it seems the script of the u merged with the r and thus made a 'w'.. there is no space between the lower case u and r. too funny ! thanks pfaltzgraff ! good production quality control ! if i could post a picture of it here in this review i would ! edit : i did get a second one of these shipped from amazon , and that one also had the misspelling . will someone who has purchased one of these recently please post a review and mention if this product still says `` tea of cowage '' ? thanks
0 nice idea , but ... the cofee carafe keeps brew hot for hours ! i have had 4 spillages and alot of mess to clean up because the filter must be aligned properly or else ! i also can not figure out how to program ... one of the most important features for me buying ... i really wish i could send this back
0 consistent rust stains . despite my by-the-book care of these knives , i still get rust stains that are nearly impossible to get off . i do not have that problem with other knives in my collection , but these clean up like cheap steel . not very attractive , and you do n't want to eat with them
0 remanufactured ? no thanks . love those irobot products and everything they 're capable of doing . in fact , this was my third purchase , but my first remanufactured product . what a headache ! the product worked correctly just three times , then died . both technical support and customer service from irobot were helpful and prompt , but still took weeks to resolve the issues . i tried a different way of recharging , which did n't work . then they replaced the battery , but that still did n't solve the problem . ultimately i had to send the product back , then waited more than a month for a replacement , which was on backorder . finally , they substituted a different model , and which works just as advertised . i 'd never buy another remanufactured model . but i still believe in irobot .
0 arrived broken . fiesta scarlet is a beautiful color and the sugar and creamer with tray is really great . mine arrived broken and i had difficulty returning it so i remain disappointed and unwilling to try again .
0 almost useless . please note that i have several henckel knives that i really like , so this is definitely not a anti-henckel biased review . there is really only one problem with this knife - the blade is way too thick . if there 's only one problem - then why do i give it only one star ? well , this one problem completely ruins this knife . the 'eversharp ' name i 'm sure refers to the fact that the serrations are not the standard `` wave pattern '' you 'd see on most bread knives . instead , each serration has several smaller serrations and spikes built in . i know that this is supposed to ensure that the knife will never end up dull - but in the process it makes it horrible at doing any kind of delicate cutting . plus , the blade is not flexible in any way due to the extreme thickness . unless you are cutting the sturdiest bread out there , you 'll crush it while trying to slice with this blade . forget about cutting any kind of soft bread or pastry . i 've found that some of our cheap steak knives work far better than this knife . i 've come to the conclusion that this knife is horrible after comparing it to two other bread knives i now own . the first was a paderno ( small canadian company ) that we got for our wedding , and the second was a global bought from amazon . both are considerably more expensive than this knife , but there are other , more economical options out there that are still far better . you want to find a nice , thin blade with even and sharp serrations . if you 're looking to stay in this price range , you wo n't find anything forged - these will all be stamped or laser cut - but that 's fine - the bread knife does n't need to be strong like your chef 's knife . pros : -cheap cons : -mashes your bread while it cuts -hard to get started through crusts due to blade thickness -the 'spiky ' serrations are dangerous to your fingers ( think many tiny needles along the blade ) - they tend to nick you easily - but they are useless for their intended purpose of cutting bread . suggestion : steer clear . if you can afford it , get a global ( or even a better henckel ) . otherwise , look for a the thin stamped blade
0 dreadful . terrible ergonomics ! it was so difficult and uncomfortable to keep the trigger engaged and carve at the same time . my hand was aching by the time i 'd carved the brisket . i 've never used a more awkward or uncomfortable appliance
0 a slight disappointment . this grill is better in theory than practice . i 'm not sure it heats to the temp it shows on the display and it really is n't practical for steaks except very thin ones . it 's pretty handy for hamburgers and also makes good panini sandwiches . i have n't tried some of the other recipes so i ca n't really comment on anything else . it is easy to clean , so that 's a plus
0 1 star because you ca n't go lower than that ! . the only thing this juicer is good for is to find out if you will really be into juicing . this juicer lasted for 3 months while juicing 3 to 5 times a week ( for two people ) . at 3 months the tray that holds the blade warped and started spitting plastic into the drink . i considered getting another one to have spare parts ... .then i scraped that idea and got a real juicer . besides being cheaply made ... it should also be priced cheaper . also the blade takes a while to clean
0 the cannister is too small . and when i requested a return amazon said they would send me a return label , but did n't . nor did they respond to my email advising i never received the return label . this is my last order from amazon
0 disappointment . i felt disapointed with the quality of this bake set . the grill cover started to desapair , and the last time i cooked a stek using this set , the paint sticked to the meat , leaving black spots . it started to show deteriorazion and everytime i washed i have to dried it up immediately otherwise mark of rust starts to show soon . the deep pan it is ok , perhaps because i did not used that piece with the same frequency . i never used metal utensills or harsh detergents durig the cleaning , i always leave it in hot water first and later do the cleaning , to avoid scratches . thank you for your attention nilda
0 not worth the shipping , even if its free . purchased this set and on the first use the non-stick finish , started peeling off . not worth buying
0 life span . the temperature markings on this thermometer are not protected ! over time the markings get occluded by grease and if you try to wash the grease off the markings come with it . this means the thermometer has a short life span for people who rely on the markings for anything ( which granted is not everyone ) . last time i buy an oven thermometer in which the markings do n't sit behind a glass face !
0 a bummer for a dyson lover . i could n't wait to get the dyson root 6 - i 've had my dyson dc 07 for 4 years and i love it , so i figured the mini-version would be fantastic . i have 3 dustbusters ( one on each floor ) and i was looking forward to the dyson version , which i was convinced would be top notch . i 'm so sorry to be wrong . first off , having to press the button continuously to make it work is a pain . and speaking of pain , the root is so heavy and unbalanced - all the weight is in the back which puts a lot of strain on your wrist . i have n't noticed any difference in suction to a dustbuster , but then again , i do n't suck up bowling balls . a dustbuster picks up lint and cat litter just as well . save your money - this dyson ai n't worth it
0 not as described . i was looking for a springform pan for a particular recipe that called for 3 and quot ; sides . i was delighted when i saw that you had one so i ordered it . the item was misrepresented as the sides are like any other springform with 2 and quot ; sides . i am sure it is a good pan , but it didnot meet my expectations
0 loud ! . i just bought this fan and it is too loud ! even on its lowest setting , the noise is a bit much . it does put out a stiff breeze , but i 'm not sure it 's worth it . my black and decker tower fan is better
0 lock problem . had to return the first one because of a lock malfunction ( it locked but would not unlock ) . amazon was great about responding immediately and replacing it promptly . however , the lock on the second one does not work properly , either ( it does n't lock ) , though i will keep it , since keeping little hands safe is not an issue in my home . this item is a good way of storing blades and disks , but unless cuisinart comes up with a more reliable locking mechanism , do n't count on it to protect small hands from getting into it .
0 multiple probes failed quickly ; bad batch ? or just plain bad ? . i 've heard of others complaining that these probes will end up failing under `` normal '' use ... something goes wrong at some point , and they just do n't read right anymore . i love my taylor digital thermometer , and these probes seem to work with the taylor , but i went through 3 probes very quickly . i use them in my weber barbeque when doing indirect heat cooking . in spite of the fact that i took care to not route the cable over a burner , or anything of that sort , each probe lasted only 5 or 6 uses . i had ordered three at one time , and all of them failed in a similar way . there are other probes available that are better ! there is one available on the internet that is sold as a taylor probe replacement . these probes look the same ( with the 90-degree elbow bend and the right-angle mini-plug ) , but they have a smooth grey silicone-rubber sheathed cable , instead of a metal braid sheath . i bought several of these ( reasonably priced , around $ 12 or so ) , and so far , they have worked like champs with no failures and accurate readings from freezing to boiling . i would not recommend these probes based on my experience with very high failure rates .
0 worst toaster ever . when our wonderful cuisanart four-slice toaster finally died , we replaced it with this horrible piece of junk , because it seemed most similar to the old one . what a mistake ! - even on the lowest setting , this toaster burns the crust at the bottom . - it is not easy to tell if you have it set for two slices or four . with the old toaster , it was very easy to see . - the push-down slider does not move freely and sometimes has to be pushed down two or three times before it engages . - the old toaster let you select `` defrost '' and `` bagel '' at the same time . the new toaster lets you select one or the other . all in all , a big waste of money and a major disappointment .
0 this is one lousy toaster ! . the toast was black on setting 4 , black and dark tan on setting 3 , and dark tan and untoasted on setting 2 . this is appalling performance for such an expensive toaster , and not worthy of cuisinart
0 do not buy this brand ! . i purchased one like this last december.on the 13th month i owned it it began to leak from the spout.i emailed breville 2-3 times and they never even responded ! their web site states they always respond within 3 days.do n't believe them and do n't buy a product from this company
0 thin sheets that curl and buckle in the oven - yuk ! . i ordered 3 ( 2x ) sets of these so that i would have a full complement of 6 cookie sheets . when they arrived , i noted that they were a bit lighter than the commercial quality cookie sheets that i had used previously , but my thinking was that if they baked well , that was all that counted . i always bake with an exopat silicone mat on my sheets . upon the first use , when they were placed in the oven , the edges of the cookie sheets turned up about a quarter of an inch - an ominous sign that the sheets are too thin . the next thing i heard was the tap tap tap of sheets buckling in the oven . lack of dimensional stability at 350 degrees f translates to poor heat conduction , and burned cookie bottoms . this symphony of metal buckling , courtesy of my new $ 15 cookie sheets . even with the exopat silicone sheets on them , the cookies were barely done when i decided to pull them from the oven to save the bottoms from getting burned - typical of cheap , thin cookie sheets that one knows one needs to `` double pan '' to prevent burning . what a wonderful situation amazon has presented me with - $ 90 and a garbage can full of cookie sheets . yes , into the garbage all six sheets went - no matter how costly , its even more so to live with poor quality baking implements and invent work-arounds to augment their performance . these are no better than inexpensive supermarket cookie sheets - actually they 're worse - with the price-point of supermarket wares , one can infer the quality that one is getting . i used to believe brands like calphalon stood for quality , and this translated into some assurance that products bearing premium names would be of , at least , mezzanine quality . when i buy on the web and can not better scrutinize the items i 'm choosing , i tend to favor trusted brands . as it turns out , these sheets did not have the calphalon name on them anywhere - calphalon apparently made the decision to buy up a bunch of cheap -made in china- cookie sheets and sell them at a premium price by leveraging the calphalon brand . with the holiday baking season upon us , what do i plan to replace them with ? the vollrath cookie sheets ( not non-stick , but i use silicone mats , so do i care ? ) recommended in cooks illustrated magazine . they 're in stock at chef resource - their price everywhere is $ 19 but most vendors are out of them . they 're due to arrive via ups day after tomorrow - tuesday , 10/17 . holiday baking is much too sacred a tradition to be left in the hands of calphalon , apparently . if i could give them no stars or provide an icon of 6 sheets going into the trash , i would so rate them .
0 junk , do not waste your money . you truly get what you pay for in this case . we bought the red ones and they have left fuzzies all over the house . in the dryer , you need to check the lint trap frequently , as they shed like mad . they are not smooth and cozy , they have a very high coefficient of friction and it 's sorta hard to scootch around on them . i would not recommend .
0 horrible product . product not even worth a penny . impossible to use after the first wash..wont recommend to anyon
0 arrived prefilled with dirt and hair . i thought it was a good deal to order a `` factory-reconditioned '' roomba 4210 discovery to save some money , however ... it arrived ! i excitedly opened the box . first impression ... the unit was dirty , very heavily scatched and scuffed . not exactly a good first impression . i then lifted the roomba out of the box and i was immediately covered with dirt and dust . the bottom of the box was also filled with dirt and dust and hair . i flipped it over and discovered the brushes covered with dirt , dust and someones ( or somethings ! ) hair . i was grossed out , but even worse , the other person in the room ( who suffers from allergies ) started to sneeze violently . i spent the next 20 minutes thoroughly vacuuming the entire room and all other horizontal surfaces i could reach . i think it is very obvious that nobody did anything with this roomba since the previous owner returned it besides transfer the polystyrene packing box to a new cardboard box that says `` remanufactured '' on it ! in summary - be very careful ! ! ! if you ordered a `` factory-reconditioned '' , be aware that it might be pre-filled with someone elses dust , dirt , hair and who knows what else . i think i might have to bite the bullet and pay full price . i like the idea of this product , but not the pre-filled one i received
0 does n't last . when it works , this blender does a fine job , and looks great . however , our first one quit turning the blades in less than a year . we sent it in , after many calls to customer service , and they kept the darned thing for 3 months before deciding to send us a replacement . the replacement lasted only 2 years before the blades broke . during that 2 years , we figured out that our extra set of blades did n't fit in bottom ring properly , and allowed fluid to pour through the motor . great . i should have save up to buy a vitamix instead
0 defective and horrible customer service . on 8/15/06 , i purchased and irobot roomba scheduler . within one month of purchase , it failed completely and would not work at all . on the irobot website , it claims that their customer service department is open 24/7 , and they guarantee a reply to an email within 24 hours . i sent an email , and i never heard anything back from them at all . after a week , i called their technical support line , and i waited on hold for 38 minutes before being able to speak to a technician , who swiftly determined that my unit was defective and needed to be replaced . i was told to mail in my defective unit and that another one would be shipped to me . it is now 11/9/2006 and i have received nothing and heard nothing from irobot . do not purchase one of these units unless this kind of product unreliability and abysmal technical support is appealing to you .
0 bits of metal is not what i want with my cheese . at first i was pretty happy with the grater , but after a few days of use i started to notice that i was getting small shavings of metal as well as shredded cheese . i am no longer using it and would not recomend it to anyone
0 it is functional ... well , i 'm not terribly impressed with this metal rotary grater . yes , it will grate cheese , but the gap between the drum and compartment that holds the cheese is a little over 1/4 of an inch . this allows for the cheese to get 'gummed ' up and eventually that large wad just falls through . also , for harder cheeses this means you 're constanty picking out chunks of cheese that should have been grated . i 've yet to find a rotary grater i 'm happy with . i 've broken several plastic models within 2 days of owning them . while i 've yet to break this metal model , it just does n't perfrom very well . i 'm still using my stand-up grater
0 save your money . i bought this to replace my old mouli grater which finally bit the dust . big mistake . it is sturdy and reasonably well designed , but the grating surfaces barely work at all , or at least mine did n't . to get it to grate cheese takes a long time and a lot of muscle , so much so that you are likely to start wondering how badly you really want the grated cheese . i tried the grater drum on reasonably fresh parmesan and later tried the shredder drum on jarlsberg . neither drum worked satisfactorily . that may be because it is made in china where hard western-style cheese is nearly unknown . yeah i know it says miu france but the box clearly says `` made in china '' . i finally got so mad i threw it out in frustration
0 this is too bulky for my mixer . i have the artisan kitchenaid mixer and this cover is too bulky for it . it is too long at the bottom and just unpleasing to the eye . would recommend just leaving your mixer uncovered . hope this was helpful
0 smokin ' , stinkin ' , pretty little blender . well , i just got my blender , real excited to use it , filled it up with the ingredients , flipped on the switch , and within 5 seconds it started smoking , badly , and then died . i turned it off and tried to turn it on again , and all it did was make a grumbly noise . so i am sending it back and sticking with my old hamilton that i have had for 9 years . why did i quit using it in the first place . $ 20 blender and it made a perfect smoothie . $ 79 for this waring and it crashed and burned on me . my advice is it looks nice , but it is n't worth the money , especially since it died right away on me . oh well ...
0 completely ineffective candy thermometer . when i bought this item i attempted to test it in hot water . my only comparison was another grocery store thermometer which was n't accurate . it appeared to register better than the grocery store model . however , when using it to make chocolate fudge , by the time it registered 225 degree 's , the fudge was thickening in the pan , not a pretty sight . i used it correctly and it has been stored according to manufacturers direction . it has a 5 year limited warranty for replacement . i do n't feel it 's worth the trouble to send back as i do n't want another of this brands products , ever . it 's going in the garbage as i attempt to find an accurate , well calibrated candy thermometer
0 zero stars . got this product by mistake from chef 's tools . grinding mechanism is made of plastic and it does not grind pepper . have the black magnum and is the best peppermill ever , ( thats why we wanted a second one for the kitchen ) . our black peppermill did not come from chef 's tools
0 another casualty . discount any review of a blender that reflects only several months of use . as a smoothie addict , shoveling a dozen or more ice cubes into the jar daily , i 'm still looking for a machine that can go the distance ( is a full year 's use asking too much ? ) . the braun burned out in the first 90 days , faster than my black and decker , oster , even hamilton beach ( though it lasted longer than back to the basics ) . the best thing i can say for the braun is that it does n't have the impossible-to-clean push buttons ( always look for a single switch , a knob , or a touch-pad ) . otherwise , their shavers have served me better , mowing down whiskers more dependably than ice cubes . i 'm going back to the beginning and giving the classic single-switch oster another try , though i 'm beginning to feel guilty about cluttering the landfills with more broken machinery and useless glass jars
0 unbiased review . i use a blender to do two things : 1 ) make smoothies ; and 2 ) stir batter for crepes . this device apprently can not handle frozen fruit . the white , plastic `` teeth '' on the bottom of the blades , that mesh / connect to the motor 's `` teeth , '' immediately started breaking . three smoothies later only one plastic tooth remains and it is starting to fracture . ( my smoothies were made of yogurt , o.j. , some frozen mango ... nothing extreme . ) as far as the crepes go , even with only one `` tooth '' remaining , this baby still can stir eggs , milk , and a little flour ( thank you for small miracles ) . but ... the glass jug is a dribbler . when you pour batter or smoothies or whatever , some of the liquid will always ( i mean always ) dribble off the glass jug 's lip , down the front of the jug , down the front of the control panel , and also into the recessed area where those `` teeth '' meet each other . so ... you have to clean all the blender each time you use it ( i.e. , the jug , the control panel , the recessed area in which the jug sets ) not just clean the jug . what a pain in the neck . once the last tooth breaks , this baby is going in the garbage .
0 a very good external design , but it does not last very long . this citrus juicer has a very good external design . the problem is that 30w is not enough power for doing the job well : normal orange presure stops de motor ! the transmission of the power is done by cheap plasic parts , so they broke easily . these parts broke after a dozen of uses in my case , so i do not recommend this machine .
0 question.please answer . ok ... so this isnt a review , but a question i have on this product . where is the instruction manual to this thing ? what do the lines above the alcohol names mean . there are two , three , even four lines above some of the alcohol names . does it mean the amount of alcohol that is supposed to be put into that particular drink . please answer ... for it has left many of us flustered . thank you very muc
0 cuisinart htm-5 smartpower 5-speed electronic hand mixer . this mixer runs too fast , even in it 's lowest setting . the beaters tend to throw food out of the mixing bowl . uncontrolable . would not suggest purchasing
0 awful . warped badly upon receipt . too much of a pain to return it . it is already in the tras
0 fiestaware 1 qt pasta bowls ... .i got what i paid for ! . while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $ 4.99 here at amazon.com , i did n't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago . what a great price ! i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day . the packing is nice and secure . the color was so vivid at the first sight , but ... . after i took a hard look , almost half of the bowls are defective ! ! un-colored white spot , un-glazed bubble holes , black dots/stain inside of the bowl . even defective spots are tiny , but they are so obvious . they just do n't look good with those flaws on them ! i was so ... .disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered . by the way , the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl . i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products . it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness , such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls . of course , all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality . no one will even believe they are fiestaware ! !
0 looks great , but ... tired of exploring every possible way to ruin a pot of rice , i was looking forward to something that would do the job well and consistently . no such luck with this one ! first , it uses a different measuring system for the rice ( `` rice cooker cup '' ) than it does for the water ( `` regular measuring cup '' ) , so if you need more or less than the few amounts they list it 's back to guesswork again ! worse though , is that the amount of water they call for is hugely more than is actually needed , so it boils very fast while pumping out all the excess water as steam . for those who might like to take a steam bath while they cook this would be great . one might figure out how to adjust the measuring , but there seems no way to slow the boiling down to lessen the steam output . since water boils at the same temperature , fast or slow , it makes no sense . yet another gripe is that it automatically goes into `` warm '' mode when it is finished . may be handy to have the warm option , but if you do n't realize it 's done and its left on `` warm '' for ten minutes the rice turns into a solid slab . it seems very well made , and handsome bau-haus design , but unfotrtunately i ca n't use it because of the above problems . others ' experience may vary . keep in mind i 'm very good at ruining rice . i just do n't need help doing it ! david
0 waste of money . i hardly ever write reviews but i felt the need to on this item . i bought the senseo deluxe last night , i wanted the deluxe model so that i could also make tea . the setup was quick and easy and the price was great compared to the competition . here 's the problem , i brewed a cup of coffee and this was the weakest coffee ever and i 'm not even a big coffee drinker . to make matters worse each pod only makes 4oz of coffee . who drinks only 4 ounces of anything . you would need to use 2 pods just to make 8 oz and then the coffee is still weak . which is wear the waste of money comes in . the senseo pods are the same price as the home cafe pods but you will go through them twice as fast . i personally ended up returning this machine and getting a tassimo this morning . i originally bought the senseo because i didnt want to spend tassimo money but in the end you pay for what you get . now the tassimo is great . i 've made hot chocolate for my daughter and tea for my son . everyone likes it . good luck everyone .
0 good then poor . this was an excellent item ... for about 3 uses ... then the mandoline would not hold to one thickness ... it keeps opening up to maximum cut depth . miu france says this is not their problem ... '' just buy a new one '' . with an attitude like that ... and product failure so quickly ... ..yes , i will buy a different brand ... and avoid miu france product
0 too bad ... it 's too bad ... i really wanted this to work , since i love soft serve . but after using it twice i donated to goodwill . it would be great if somebody brought out a home version of the `` drill '' thing they use in some frozen yogurt places . until then the best bet is to let the ice cream or frozen yogurt thaw in the fridge for a few hours , then stir it up with a spoon until it 's the preferred level of softness
0 horrible . the black and decker ic200 arctic twister ice cream mixer is a product that you must not purchase . it is a total waste of money . it 's designed to make soft-serve ice cream at home . the are not enpough pro 's and way too many cons . the only pro : it makes soft-serve ice cream when ever you want . cons 1 . it 's loud and noisy 2 . the ice cream you use in it must be as frozen as it is the second it comes out of the freezer which makes it very hard to scoop out . 3 . if not used correctly , it make a huge mess . 4 . it wastes ice cream . when you use this product , half of the ice cream gets stuck inside the machine . 5. by the time its finished , ice cream is pratically melted . 6 . you ongly get about 1/3 of what you put in the machine . the rest gets stuck inside the machine . 7 . you have to hold onto the on switch while operating the machine . 8 . you have to hand pump the ice cream into soft-serve yourself . this black and decker ic200 arctic twister ice cream mixer is such a waste of money . i so reccomend not buying this . just going to dairy queen or baskin robins is a much easier and cleaner solutio
0 they do n't make them like they used to . i had a black and decker processor that i got as a wedding present over twenty years ago , and it never let me down once . when it was time to get a new one , i got this 1500 thinking that it 's a b and d and i ca n't go wrong . well as as soon as i tried to grate some cheese the plastic ring on the shredder/grater blade snapped off . the next time i used it a metal pin in the pastic cover that holds the blade securely broke the plastic groove it was in . too bad b and d went down the drain through the years
0 doa . i received my food processor for christmas . i had noticed the same processor at a different store that came with a bonus blade for fine shredding . i decided to see if i could buy accessories for mine online . i could not find any accessories or replacement parts for the power pro ii . i was concerned about the number of unfavorable reviews i came across during my search . despite the numerous negative comments concerning the motor going out , i decided to keep it . i used it for the first time tonight to make a sauce and was only halfway finished when it stopped working ! i strongly recommend not purchasing this food processor
0 returning it tomorrow . i read the reviews after i purchased it . we made grated cheese ( turned out so so ) and *tried* to make hummus but it would n't even turn the blade and was very , very noisy . i 'm returning it to target tomorrow . if it ca n't stand up to crushing a few cooked beans then it 's no good to me . until i find a better one i 'm using my 10 speed osterizer blender i 've had for 10 years . it made hummus easily
0 not worth the money . i purchased this black and amp ; decker food processor on 12/30/04 at target . i used it the first time to grate cheese and loved it . however , i used it tonight for only the 2nd time to chop some onion and celery and it started smelling hot . smoke started pouring out the back . i will be returning to target tomorrow and not purchasing another black and amp ; decker kitchen appliance
0 disappointed ! . i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery . also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon ... .do n't understand because i do n't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
0 i bought the z845 a few months ago and i think it 's junk . if i could give this thing a negative number , i would . i just threw away 2 large bags of brown sugar because , after i had thrown away the bags the sugar came in , i could not get the z845 to work . what a mess ! i had brown sugar all over that part of my kitchen . on a couple of occasions the sealer has worked without creating a vacuum . this time it appeared to be trying unsuccessfully to pull all the air out of the bag , but the bag never sealed . i have watched the video several times and have read and re-read the instructions . at first i thought i was not operating it correctly , but now i believe the foodsaver is the problem . the first time i used it , to seal a quantity of chicken for the freezer , it worked beautifully . it has n't worked right since then . another problem is that it wastes an amazing amount of plastic material . is it possible this thing was invented for the purpose of selling refills , rather than to work as a sealer
0 not that great . these dishes , first of all , are just beautiful . the white looks so wonderful on the table and the presentation is just fabulous . that said , be prepared to buy and buy and buy these if you like the looks of them . they break horribly easily and the cleanup , well , we just wo n't go there . i 've had mine for 10 years and now i 'm down to just two of the serving pieces . they break very easily in the oven , in the cabinet , you name it , it 's gone . if you 're looking for a better one , go for the le creuset la poterie line , or just grab a longaberger one . they 're definitely worth it because you 'll just have to keep buying these to keep them looking good and in one piece . i hate trying to clean these after using them so i just do n't use them anymore for anything but to mix items . that way , nothing gets baked on them and i am not breaking nails scouring off the mess . i definitely recommend getting something else
0 broken . we registered for this as a wedding gift and were disappointed to find the large dish shattered in both the first and second box we picked up . it 's a very attractive set ; too bad it ca n't actually contain food due to broken corners , ca n't be washed in a dishwasher , ca n't be used on the stove , and ca n't be used to broil ! you ca n't use the ramikin dishes for creme brulee , which is why i wanted them . additionally , target does n't allow you to open the box in the store to check the merchandise . i realize most of the other reviews complain about the shattering too , but i just thought i 'd point out that the corningware does n't have to be shipped to you to arrive broken
0 do not buy this . the blender part that holds the blade broke the second time i used it to crush ice . the food processor part works ok , but the major problem is it 's extremely loud . it 's beyond the pain level . it 's so loud , i have to use hearing protection or my ears are ringing for 15 minutes afterwards . it 's louder than my circular saw
0 hard to clean . i picked this up recently and tried several varieties of loose tea in it . the bottom line is that tea does get stuck in the one that i own . i have tried a couple of methods to get the tea out to no avail . it might be hard to see from the picture , but the `` holes '' for the water are actually slits in the bottom around the bottom rim of the infuser . the slits are actually sickle shaped and the tea gets caught in the narrow areas . i imaging that differences in the cuts would either make or break this product . in my case they make me want to break it
0 do not waste your money . i had the unit for about 4 weeks before it broke completely . the rake would continually get clogged from the clumping litter , even with daily cleaning . sometimes the unit would cycle on and off all night , very noisily , until i put a timer on it to turn off at night . it was very diffult to clean , even with daily inspection . go the old fashioned way , with a tray and a liner
0 horrible . great idea , horrible execution . disgusting to clean , rake gets clogged . there are much better options . litter robot is well worth the extra cost
0 do not buy - broke in about two weeks . at first it looked like it was going to work great ( when the litter was clean ) . after a day or so , it was n't cleaning very well . i got better litter and it started working better , but still not great . litter gets in the crevices and gets stuck to the rake . after about two weeks of use , the rake stopped moving backwards . i tried to fix it , but it just wo n't go in reverse . overall , this was a big waste of time and money . i 'm not even going to try to get another one . a good old fashioned litter box with good clumping litter is less work than trying to get this thing to work properly while keeping it clean . it 's too bad as it had a promising beginning . do not buy
0 broke . i loved this bread machine , but it broke after owning it for about three years . my husband took it apart to try to fix it , but could not repair it . it was making bread and just turned off . we could not get it to turn back on and the manual was not helpful in trying to fix such a problem . we now have to replace it . it worked great until it just stopped working . i think a breadmaker should last longer then three years . also , i did need to make sure the ingredients in the corners of the pan got mixed into the dough , so i could n't just program it and leave the house
0 warped top . i followed breakin instructions as written on pg 3.the clear see-thru top warped.unit works , but is ugly . i contacted salton and was told my unit was out of warranty , too old ! i mailed copies of my invoice . no response.i gave up.i was very happy with your service , but wonder if driving to walmart might have been better . sincerely , john c bennet
0 20'hose does not fit hepa hoovers ! ! ! . the information on the pages that pertain to this hose needs to be changed to reflect the fact that the hose does not fit hoovers with a hepa system . it only fits hoovers with product # 's beginning u53.. , u54.. , u64.. i ordered it along with a new windtunnel that has a hepa system , since the product information stated that these 2 items were bought together by other people . unfortunately , it does not state that these people ( now including me ) have to return the hose because it does not fit all windtunnels . so be sure to check and doublecheck before you buy . ..
0 insufficient information in product information . upon opening the box i found that the information given in the buying information for this product did not reflect the actural product . for one thing it only fits unright windtunnel models that use bags . this hose is for models beginning with u53 , u54 and u64 only
0 grater broke . i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle . this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
0 disapointing for cuisinart . i use this rice cooker mostly for brown rice and it is a fiasco . you need to put in 1/2 the water that you are supposed to , wait until that is cooked in and then add the other half . adding all the water up front causes the cooker to boil over - a real mess with rice . it looks ok , but it just is n't the quality item you would expect with the name cuisinart . the price is also reasonable , so its not the end of the world - it might be better for things that do n't require as much water or cook time ( like white rice )
0 burns rice even w/ more h20 . bought one recently from a mervyns sale . rice burned especially at the bottom ( black and crunchy ) . so i returned and got another one in case the 1st one was defective . nope , did the same thing . so next go around , i added more water , but still the rice tasted funny- a burned taste- although the rice did n't burn as much this time . for the cost and design , i was hoping this would be a great rice cooker . design element is cool especially wiith the retractable cord , however , this cooker ca n't even perfom its main purpose- just plainly cook rice without burning it . yes , i did add enough water and followed instructions and used the measuring cup . hopefully they 'll improve it . better yet , maybe krups can design a better abd sleek-looking yet working rice cooker
0 looks great but does n't perform well . i bought this in october , 2004 because i wanted something small for my kitchen . you can not cook over 2 cups of rice without it spurting out all over the cooker . now , it shuts off mid-way and i have to wait for it to cool down and try to reset it . hopefully the `` powers that be '' will read these comments and make improvements
0 does n't work for brown rice . i ended up returning this because every time i tried it with brown rice it burned the rice . i even tried doubling the recommended water amt . for brown rice and it still burned .
0 dangerous to your health . air purifiers were recently reveiwed by consumer reports magazine . they are quite ineffective and can be dangerous to your health . for further info , read article in consumer reports
0 i would not recommend this product . i had a hard time with this product . the item does not cut the dough well and the ravioli kept opening as a result of this . in my opinion , i like the size of a 12 count ravioli maker better . this 10 count makes ravioli thats too large
0 not your mother 's cookie press . i have many fond childhood memories of making and decorating sprtiz cookies with my mother . she had an old copper and stainless steel cookie press and it turned out perfect cookies almost everytime . when i found the kitchenaid cookie press on clearance for a mere $ 4.97 at my local sears , i snatched it up with high hopes of recreating those fond childhood memories in the kitchen . it 's not a bad cookie press , but it 's definitely not the best out there , i 'm sure ... and it does n't stack up at all to my mother 's old-fashioned one . as stated in another review , many discs do n't seem to work at all well with this press . i tried the tree , candy cane , and star discs and every single one just squirted out an uneven messy blob . somehow the press pushed out the dough unevenly out of the press , so that one side of the shape was a blob while the other side was barely out of the press . the rosette , swirl , and ribbon shapes did fairly well , though they turned out much larger shapes than the older model i 'm used to ... hence extending the baking time of the cookies . i 'm used to nice , thin , crispy ribbons , but this press turned out very thick ones . i was also not very fond of the ratcheting style of the press . it felt as though i had less control over it than the squeeze-gun type . if i 'd paid full price for this press , i would have been a bit upset at the quality , but having paid only $ 5 for it , i 'm just disappointed because i had thought kitchenaid to be a better quality brand than what i 've seen in this cookie pres
0 not up to `` le creuset '' standard ... i am a major fan of `` le creuset '' pots and have a number of them but i must say that their kettle is not up to par . like the other lady said , it does spit out water ( substantially at that ) when it boils on the stove . i am finally throwing mine out to the garbage since i have had it for a while and the coating at the inside bottom of the kettle is coming apart and i have been boiling `` contaminated '' water since a while ... i just noticed one day that there was this stuff floating on top of the water ... .i wonder what kind of chemicals i have been putting in my body ? ? ?
0 they rust ! big disappointment ... i have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best . only problem is that they rust ! ! ! i had mine a few weeks when i noticed the rust spots on the interior . i do n't imagine the enamel could have been chipped on the inside of the pot , so it must have happened simply because i leave water in my tea kettle at all times . the directions that come with this kettle say not to do so , but any serious tea drinker like me knows that 's unrealistic . i threw mine out and am very disapointed that something that cost so much money did n't last long at all . i thought le creuset was supposed to be really high quality but i 'm officially disillusioned thanks to this tea pot
0 do n't bother . i have to echo what was said , cheap not up to what you would expec
0 not a quality item ! . these sheets are not quality . they are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them . the jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior . they are not a bargain
0 pretty mint colour ... ... the colour is pretty but the sheets shrink quite a lot after washing ( in cold water ) . i bought a queen set for a full bed and they still do n't fit properly after careful washing . i would recommend buying a king set for a full bed . this was my first experience with cotton jersey sheets so i did n't know what to expect but i would n't buy them again
0 deception . this is not caphlon ! ! ! you can buy this at bed bath and beyond for $ 10 ! !
0 do not buy this product ! ! . in theory , this is a good machine . it did , in fact , work as advertised for a brief time - then it started to smell . all of the urine , drinks , vomit , whatever nasty stuff you just vaccumed up from your carpet , starts to pool under the holding tank . as it festers there , the exhaust fan takes that wonderful aroma and blows it all over your house . this , to an extent , is simply a nuisance - bad smell and extra clean-up of the machine itself - until it starts leaking all of that crap back into your carpet , making more mess than you started with . the first time this happened , bissell customer service sent a replacement unit . we started having the same problems with it shortly after we received it . bissell only wants to send us another ( no doubt defective ) unit - so unless you want to be stuck with a stinky , urine-leaking , mess-maker , do n't buy this product !
0 looks nice , but gears break easily . we purchased the cuisinart smartpower blender for smoothies and light duty blending duties . it 's a nicely designed unit , very stable on the countertop , but very poor quality gear drive . after a couple dozen uses , the motor gear wheel broke , apparently a common problem on these cuisinarts , as noted by other reviewers . cuisinart customer service is worthless - it costs more to ship and repair the unit than to replace it . replaced the worthless cuisinart with a kitchenaid . would recommend avoiding cuisinart blenders due to this gear design flaw
0 worst brand of bakeware . airbake products are horrible ! i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems . there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans . i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake . buyer beware ! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
0 disappointed . awkward handles and lightweight feel . bought as a gift and had to be returned . chicago cutlery has better lines .
0 worked well until it broke . i used this press about 4-5 times during the 5 years i owned it . the cookie shapes came out well , but after a few uses , the plastic ring around the barrel cracked . this year that same plastic part broke entirely , making the press unusable -- a critical engineering materials defect . like the other reviewer ( dec 2005 ) , i too am now in the market for an all metal press
0 chips , cracks and breaks ! . i have had these dishes for only 1 year and they have all chipped and cracked and the glaze is cracked as well . i have re-ordered a set of bowls and several plates and had the same results . they say they are `` microwave safe '' but after the first few uses , the dish heats up to the point of burning your hand ( or worse yet the unsuspecting hand of your child or guest ! ) and the food/liquid inside stays cold . i am so disappointed and am now shopping for a new set of dishes
0 nice design , cheap product . the unique design of this dinnerware line is lost in the low quality earthenware body . this low fired clay body breaks easily , is bulky to handle and is just plain disappointing . before you buy , beware . what is the dinnerware made of ? if the dinnerware is not high fire stoneware , porcelain or a china clay body , forget it . if you plan to use it then you are wasting your money . someone should be ashamed
0 cute , but useless . this item is metal and looks like an old fashioned ice crusher , but it is so small that it is useless . its only 9 inches tall , so if you are expecting a nice big heavy duty machine , forget it . i bought it because i missed the ice in the door of my old fridge , but after trying it several times , i sent it back . it is so small that you rap your knuckles on the counter . i dont think there is a glass made that is small enough to fit in it , so you have to use the little tin cup that comes with it . i takes about three loads of ice to fill the cup , and about 2 cups to fill a glass . you need 4 hands to operate it : 1 to hold the lid , 1to turn the crank,1to keep it from bouncing all over the place , and 1 to hold the little tin cup in place ( it slides out and then the ice lands on the base ) . then when you finally get a cup fulll of ice , you have to try to get it out of the tin cup and into your glass . i broke the glass the first time i tried it . it hass little rubber feet that fall out and disapear , making it even more wobbly . but as i said in the begging , it is cute
0 poor shipping , damaged pieces . the furniture itself is fine . or rather , it would be if it was shipped properly . before ordering anything from target , think long and hard about how willing you are to deal with damaged goods and their return . if you receive something damaged ( and you will ) , be prepared for an extensive return process . chances are , the item they send you as a replacement will be damaged as well . this happened to me twice . if you 're lucky , you will be able to piece something decent together from the multiple shipments . this , however , will take time . additionally , even if the piece is not cracked , you will need to make a trip to the hardware store to purchase stain to fix the discolorations in the wood . i bought the desk , the hutch and the bookcase - all of which had to be returned to replace cracked pieces and all of which had to be touched up with stain . also be advised that target does not make it clear that certain pieces will not be delivered at all if you do not make arrangements with the outside carrier . after waiting and waiting , and calling target on several occasions , someone will eventually relay the information that you need to call the carrier and make a delivery appointment - even though other pieces arrived without such complications . quite honestly , this has been far more inconvenient than it was worth . by the time you pay for the shipping and the tax , this is not so much a `` deal '' but a waste of time and money .
0 a blender i wish i could like . this blender is frustrating . it offers good points , but in the end , the flaws outweigh the benefits . first the good : the heavy glass base is stable and easy to clean . the powerful motor hacks through most foods with ease . when the blender is started , the motor begins at a low speed for a second or two before turning on fully . the problems i found led me to toss the blender . if you plan on making blended soups , beware of the explosive force with which this beast turns on . without a heavy hand on the lid , both the lid and your soup will hit the ceiling . moderately thick , viscous liquids ( a lemon cream was the latest such one i experienced ) tend to get caught in the scalloped swoops in the jar . this leads to only the center portion of the liquid being actively blended , while the outer edges stagnate and remain clumpy . deft work with a spatula is required to coax everything into the blending area . the above problems were annoying , caused occasional swearing , but were tolerable . what finally got me shopping for a replacement was worse . after several years of moderate use , the kitchenaid stopped working . the blades and motor are connected via a set of rubber teeth . these reduce operating noise , but over time , weaken . the problem first arose when making smoothies with chunky frozen fruit such as strawberries . a burning rubber smell came from the blender coupled with a strange noise and no action in the container . the rubber drive teeth slipped , and friction quickly heated them up . the result was hot , floppy rubber teeth that bent flat instead of turning the blades . when this happens , it takes 20 minutes or more before the teeth are capable of another round of use . before long the blender could not even swirl water for more than a few seconds before the teeth slipped
0 this oven stinks ! . i thought it was me but every time that i lift the cover on this oven , there is this strange rotting smell . it does n't seem to matter what has been in there , either . no matter what food ... same rotting smell . in fact , whenever i lift the cover , my wife goes running from the room holding her nose , screaming about how disgusting it is .
0 this dutch oven really stinks . i 've had my share of dutch ovens in my time , and i have to say that this is the foulest one yet . i thought i smelled a good deal when i got it , but boy was i mistaken
0 would never buy anymore of this . i just baked a loaf of banana bread in my loaf baker and the entire bottom stuck to the pan when i turned it over . i am throwing it out and will never buy another piece of it
0 broken bowls again ! . received the bowls yesterday , and once again very upset to find 3 of the 4 broken . this has got to be costing a ton of money in refunds and shipping . i will not try again for a replacement , i did n't do well with the sango mixing bowls either . ca n't understand why these are shipped with such little packing material
0 a cup of cold water more precise ... i purchased the robinson pyrex candy thermometer as a replacement for my old , cheap tube thermometer that was giving off readings . my experience was that the probe failed to register temperatures above 100 degrees celcius . it would get there and just freeze . additionally , the design of the thermometer makes it difficult to read exactly where your temperature is . this makes it unsuitable for most candy-making where the difference of a degree or so could be critical . the physical design of the thermometer feels very sturdy and is a nice stainless . it is rather deceptive since you think you may be purchasing a higher quality tool than you are actually buying . all said and done , after you replace the sugar , flavorings , creams and other ingredients from your spoiled batches of candy ... and pay for the gas to run these errands ... the cost of using robinson 's pyrex candy thermometer goes way up . use a cup of ice water . or a more reliable brand of candy thermometer . it 's much better to shell out the extra dollars and get beautiful consistent results
0 bad candy thermometer . the only positive thing i can say about this candy thermometer is that the design allows it to stay on the sauce pan relatively well . other than that , it is difficult to discern temperatures between the 0 - 50 marks . also , it tends to read low so that the candy is much warmer than the read out indicates . since using this thermometer , i have ruined more batches of fudge than i care to think about . if you want a good candy thermometer , do n't buy this one .
0 much bigger than 12 '' . the pan itself is fine , but it measures closer to 16 '' in diameter . the cooking surface is 12 '' , but the pan has such a wide lip around it that it does n't come close to fitting in my convection toaster oven
0 not what they used to be ! . i bought a set of these years ago , and used them almost daily ... freezer to oven to table , on the range..never a problem , and wanted to replace the same sized casserole . as the previous reviewer stated , the rough and unfinished bottom of the dish was coarse and gritty , and scratched my table and counter . what a disappointment ! i do n't believe the older set i have was made in china , but here in the usa . save your money
0 poor handles . the cooking set looks great . however , once you heat the pot/ pan , the steel material handles become super hot . i have to return the huge box
0 this is not kitchenaid quality . do n't be fooled by this apparently well-designed grater . the hinge is weak and will break . the grater looks and feels great , but do n't expect it to last
0 sticky sticky . to begin with.. this pan heats up even and fast . i have a hard anodized circulon non-stick pot , a copper bottom skillet , and this calphalon pan . the heat distribution is excellent , and unlike the copper bottom pan , the calphalon is light and easy to use . but , the good stops here . the stick problem is bad , and my stainless steel copper bottom pan sticks less than this calphalon skillet . since it 's not a non-stick pan , some sticking is expected , but clean up is just pain . regular soaking over nite will not help sometimes . if u cook vegitable and small amount of meat , this pan is good . but never fry egg or cook steak in this pan . avoid anything that will carmalize or contain high sugar . i once cooked some balsamic vinegar mushroom with brown sugar in this pan , and it took me forever to get it clean again since the sugar carmalization litterally stuck to the bottom .
0 scrap heap material . absolute rubbish.cheap , inferior product , do n't waste your money . it does n't hold in place while you mill anything . this product is guarenteed to make you lose your temper
0 overpriced , hate this pan ! . i ca n't believe someone uses this pan to cook eggs ! i have tried several cooking oils and butter , and everything sticks to this pan , making it very difficult to clean . my husband wo n't even use it . i have reverted to my tried and true cast iron pan that never lets me down . even the cheapo stainless pans i got at ross are better than this . terrible
0 poor packaging . i placed two separate orders for this product and each order was received with one broken dish . the set s not packaged correctly by the manufacture . ended by buying a different produce else where
0 not non-stick ! . i have used this pan 3 times , twice to cook meat . it does not brown ; the meat stick to the pan . i made stuffed artichokes last night and even though i used olive oil and water to begin the steaming process , the pan was a mess to clean . i have never had any problems with myers anodized pans , 18/10 pans or , of couse , teflon . i 'm not sure what this pan will be useful for but i believe i will only use it for vegetables or rice
0 sticker glue never able to re-moved . this is a great cutting board if one able to removed all the sticker glue that stays on the cutting board forever . i tried to used what ever i can . the glue just keep staying on the board and it turns black
0 impossible to remove the lids . i have always used rubbermaid or tupperware plastic storage , but i replaced all of them with pyrex glass storage containers in may of 2005 . i was worried that the plastic storage was seeping toxins into my food when i washed it in the dishwasher . also , i liked the idea that glass does not stain and it gives a clear presentation of stored food in the refrigerator -- making leftovers more likely to be eaten before they go bad . unfortunately , i have not been happy with this product . the pyrex lids must be pried off with a great deal of strength and diligence . this is not a task for a child , or even a standard adult . i have had to ask my husband on more than one occasion to take a lid off for me . i have even spilled food in attempts to take lids off . as an aside , i have also found that the pyrex glass is heavy , which makes it less desirable to carry leftovers to work and the containers do not `` nest , '' so they take up more space than they need to in the cabinet . i recommend bormioli glass storage containers instead . they are lighter in weight , they nest , and the lids come off with the strength of a normal person .
0 no way these are 320 tc ! do not buy them ! . i 'm actually having trouble sleeping on these sheets they are so uncomfortable and rough . they may be technically 320 tc , but they do not feel like more than 150 ! strongly recommend against buying them . mine are going to have a nice life as paint drop cloths .
0 more than $ 20 . for one plate ? . the rating i give this item relates to the lack of value . in a few more clicks , you can buy a service-for-eight of white corelle for less than what three of these dinner plates will cost you . that said , i have owned my corelle ( two services-for-four ) for more than twenty-five years , using it regularly . all dishes are intact , they are light and stack nicely , and maybe i 'm just not enough of a snob but i do n't know why anyone would need any other dishes
0 suggested retail price . after checking the calphalon web site the suggested retail price for model r1384 14 '' everyday pan is $ 160.00 . i am dissapointed that this is not a true discounted price .
0 some breakage may occur during shipment . this sushi set is really nice . unfortunately amazon does n't know how to ship ceramic properly . in my original order , they sent it in a medium-sized box , with air cushions only on one side . of course several of the pieces were shattered . so i requested a replacement via the returns website . the second order was dispatched immediately and sent via next-day . that was impressive . what was not impressive was that this time it was sent in an even *smaller* box , packed so tightly that the air cushions had burst . naturally this set was also shattered . fortunately , i had n't yet returned the first order , so i was able to cannibalize some good pieces from the first set to complete the second . i 'm sure their returns department wo n't like hearing that , but as i see it i 've saved them the cost of a refund . needless to say i wo n't be ordering ceramic flatware from amazon again . once again , i like the style of the set itself , and think it 's a great deal for the price . i just recommend that you buy it somewhere else .
0 i do not like being lied to ! . i purchased this product in a retail store . the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe . then after you unpack it , and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty ! do not make the same mistake i did , avoid this product
0 now i understand ! my dish shattered too ! . i have used pyrex bakeware for over 20 years , and i was shocked when my fairly new 9x13 pan shattered . i figured i just got unlucky and got a bad one . i was going to buy a new one - thank goodness i read the reviews first ! and yes , i did follow instructions - i baked my lasagne at 350 degrees , did not use an open flame or broiler , etc etc . i ca n't believe this safety hazard is still allowed to be sold ! i am so mad ! i am switching to corningware now
0 another victim of exploding pyrex . well im the newest victim of exploding pyrex . last night i was cooking some salmon in my 3-quart pyrex that i 've had for 3 years and used many times before . it was in my oven at 400 for only 25 minutes . i pulled it out and set it on the counter . well i leaned in to check the salmon and as i pulled away the glass exploded ! not just broke but a full on explosion of glass flying everywhere . thankfully i pulled away when i did because if i had pulled away 2 seconds later i would have had a face full of pyrex shrapnel . i came away with only a few small cuts on my stomach ... and from what i 've heard i was lucky . even though my boyfriend and i swept and vacumed our kitchen last night there was so much glass that in the morning light i could still see little pieces of glass all over the kitchen . im not taking any chances , im throwing out my other pyrex dishes and switching to all aluminum trays . please do not use pyrex ! it is not worth the risk ! you may have a few years of good use , but is it worth risking your safety or that of your children ? edit- i would just like to comment that i was using the dish within the guidelines . the oven was 400 and the dish was only in there for 25 minutes . the kitchen was rather warm and the surface i set it on was not hot but definately not cool ... so there was no drastic temperature change . there were no scratches or cuts any where on the tray so i do not feel that the explosion was in anyway my fault . this explosion was purely the result of a poorly manufactured item
0 exploding pyrex . i have been a chef now for seven years and have not ever had a problem with pyrex . until now . last night while roasting some potatoes in a 400f oven , my pyrex dish exploded . it rained glass all over the inside of my oven . it was a disaster . i am just thankful that nothing happened to me or my two year old who was in the room at that time . this sounds like a real problem !
0 great coffee but too easy to break . i was given this coffee maker for a birthday gift a couple of years ago and after i figured out how to make it work , loved it . after a while the latch on the top broke off and i had to hold the top down while it was grinding the coffee . that made the timer on it useless unless you propped something against it to hold the top down . it was a little inconvenient but i got use to it . then the metal filter broke and i decided to get a new one . luckily i put the old one in the garage for `` spare parts '' because not long after i started using the new one the side tab broke off and i had to grab a replacement off the old one . i will probably not purchase this brand again
0 very bad brakes . if you want to buy this color buy anchor bakeware it is so good
0 very disappointing . i owned a rival crockpot for 20 years and was very happy with it . when it stopped working i therefore bought another ( this one ) from rival . i 've used it twice . the top does n't seem to keep the liquid in , even on low , and it burned the food both times . i do n't trust it now and am not sure whether i 'll try it again .
0 faulty lid on rival 33511 5 quart crockpot slow cooker . i bought this because it was well priced , good sized and looked better than many other slow cookers . i assumed it would work as well as my 10 year old slow cooker that i gave away . the first time i used it ( as soon as it got up to tempurature ) the lid started to rumble and slip around the top . then came the spitting hot water and steam that went in my toaster down the side of the cooker and on the counter . the lid is the worst ! at first i thought maybe i was missing a rubber seal or something on my lid . now i realize this is the way it was designed ! i made a pork roast in it which usually works great but in this slow cooker it seemed to cook quicker with no liquid left because it evaporated through the faulty lid . the only way to correct the spitting water and the rumbly , tumbly , bouncy lid is to put a paper towel under part of the lid but even this eventually fails because the towel gets soaked and then starts to drip on the counter . not to mention its probably a fire hazard . i do n't think my paper towel idea is what rival had in mind when they designed this ! i wish i could return this but i threw away the receipt .
0 lid on crock pot . the lid does not fit and is not heavy enough to keep it firmly on the pot.it allows liquids to escape.i think this could be a problem
0 dont waste your money . i have had this for 2years now and what a waste of money it has been . i have used this a few of times before i decided to toss them . this set was a disaster . the parer is dull period and the peeler peels off much more than just the skin , you lose almost 20 % ( no exaggeration ) of the fruit or the vegetable
0 would n't buy again . we have had this machine for about a year and it might have work right the first time we used it . we now have to borrow a friends hoover steamvac when we need to clean the carpet . we are getting ready to buy a different machine bcause this one would never work right . it never has any suction power and it constantly sprays soap everywhere even if you have it only on the water selection . i would n't buy
0 fondue failure . i really thought i would like this product when i got it out of the box . it 's looks well made and looked easy to use . i followed instructions and cleaned it throughly and put my recipe misture and miniture sausages in it to slowly heat and to use as an appetizer . i put the the heat setting on warm as i was not in a hurry and i left the room for about 5 minutes . when i came back there was mixture all over my cabinets , counters , etc . and what was left was boiling and sputtering like mad . i later found out that no matter what heat setting i used it would over heat . i can not recommend this product to anyone i 'm sorry to say
0 do not buy ! i 'll sell you mine for $ 5 . i 've had to bring this back to hoover 5 times in less than a year . the belt for the self-propelled motor comes off ever other time i use the vacuum . the on/off button has been fixed 3 times . it works when it wants to . even the guy at the hoover store admitted that this piece of garbage is known for problems with the belt coming off . i have nothing good to say about this . i 'm a huge consumer reports fan but they missed the boat on this one . they need to update their testing over the long-term . i 'm still pissed i blew $ 250 on this ridiculous excuse for a vacuum
0 consumer reports got this one wrong ! . like many others , i bought this because it came highly recommended by consumer reports . it worked great for a while , but after about a year the brush stopped spinning . i replaced the belt ( twice ! ) but it still wo n't work . if i did n't read about so many others having similar problems , i would have guessed that i just got a bad vacuum - but after reading other reviews here at amazon , i see that this is not a model that anyone should buy , despite the high rating from consumer reports
0 ok for a crowd . the tea press works fine if you are planning on serving a crowd . for one or two people , it simply does n't work . you must add an enormous amount of tea for the press to work properly . i once had a smaller tea press , and i thought that was what i was purchasing here .
0 disappointed . i have other oxo items that i like very much , but these stainless steel measuring cups are a big disappointment . i also experienced the handle bending easily when packing in brown sugar . they will be in my next yard sale
0 oxo let me down w/ flimsy handles . i really like oxo products . i have a number of their utensils in my kitchen and i enjoy that they have nice big handles . since i started getting gadgets for my kitchen i always wanted these measuring cups . well i finally got them . i was very excited to use them for the first time . well i went to scoop some brown sugar and the handle started bending . i was very disappointed in how flimsy the handles are . i think i 'll stick to my plastic ones from oxo , i had better luck with them
0 cute but cute does n't cut it in a busy kitchen . usually oxo produces well designed items that have you thinking and quot ; they *really* thought about how this thing was going to be used ( and abused ) ! and quot ; unfortunately the other reviewers are spot on -- very bendy handles . it 's a shame , but you should pass on these
0 not the best at all . i have been making ice cream in a cuisinart machine for years but i wanted to regain my freezer space from the 2 canisters i had to keep ready.. i also wanted to make good gelato since i ca n't go to italy all the time . i had first bought the lussino 4080 by musso . it was terrible . too soft right out of the machine and full of ice crystals when put in the freezer for any amount of time . it did n't get firm , it became a rock . i returned it and got the lello gelato pro instead . it is quieter , has a washable bowl , costs about half the money , weighs much less and makes 2 quarts rather than 1 and 1/2 quarts . there is no contest . the lello is the superior machine
0 go with a better model . i bought this `` piece of junk '' at wal*mart . i was actually surprised to see a food processor so cheap , so i decided to buy it . after going home and washing the product , i decided to try it out . i plugged it in and nothing . it did n't even budge ! anyway , i am going to have to drive all the way back to wal*mart and return this ... save your money and go with a more expensive model that will last you..
0 weak whistle ... . the old oxo tea kettles had a train whistle sound . this new one has a single high pitch whistle that is so weak you could n't hear it in the next room . save your money and buy something cheaper . it will work as well if not better . i returned mine and got another brand and it works just fine and it was cheaper too .
0 cork screw failure . unlike the other reviewers , my kitchenaid cork screw worked fine for almost two years . it never quite pulled the cork far enough out of the bottle to suit me -- it did n't make cork pulling labor-free -- but i found it much easier than any previous such tool i ever owned . alas , as in many of the other reviews , the screw finally broke off in a cork and the device seems irreparable . a cheap plastic cork screw had to be called into service . i just visited the kitchenaid web page and they do n't offer a cork screw for sale anymore . i presume that i will soon toss mine as well . planning to buy one of these for $ 30 ? clint would ask you : do you feel lucky
0 irrepairable . like 7 of the 8 other reviews , this product broke with no way to repair it . for the price and apparent sturdiness , it is just one big failure and is to be avoided .
0 do not buy any self pro [ pelled hoover vacuums . hoover has a known problem with the belts stretching out on all the self propelled vacuums , but will do nothing for customers stuck with them ! we must replace the drive and propel belts every couple of months . rediculous poor customer servic
0 so , you want to throw away $ 30 ? . this torch just does not work . i wo n't stay lit for more than a couple of seconds . when it does stay lit , the flame is horrible . please , for the love of god , do not waste your money on this
0 no egg on your face , there is no chance of that.. i , too , bought this terrible piece of equipment . my complaint , aside from the odd taste , consistency and smell , was that you could not tell when the egg was done . it was still raw at 10 minutes . by the time it was cooked you could have used it for a nerf ball . what a waste of money . as far as thinking up other purposes for it , i suppose it could be a sacrificial camping outdoor firepit cook pan for something . you 'll have to think of something , just do n't put eggs in it
0 engineering missed again . its just a simple plastic tube that fits on the end of the grinder attachment so you can stuff sausage . so how did they manage to mess this one up ? the flare at the wide end of the horn does not sit flat against the head of the grinder , so when you go to tighten the ring down to hold it into place , the collar can not screw on all the way . the result ? a build up of meat in the front part of the collar . this eventually begins to drip down making a bloody mess of whatever is under the grinder attachment . how hard would it have been for kitchenaid to design the horn so it fitted flat in place and the collar would have screwed on tight ?
0 size matters . disappointed with the size of product , have not used it yet
0 lop sided . i have ordered and returned twice and my third one they sent has the same result . after a few uses it seems to twist off stroke and stays that way .
0 initially satisfied ; downhill from there . i purchased this handsome can opener in june 2004 . feels and looks substantial and promising . it worked ok for a couple of months , and now it 's useless . i 'll return to using my zyliss opener , and throw this in the trash
0 read all reviews before you buy . to be fair , the design is great looking , size is ideal , and very functional . however , beware of quality and packaging . whoever packaged this in thailand did not take care , it has nicks and scratches everywhere..not to mention the dings in corners . paint in all the panels is inconsistent..therefore , you can see different colorations throughout different panels . it is somewhat redish in stain tone , could be darker to be a true dark walnut . manufacturing flaws such as missing drill holes , which makes it tough when assembling ... got screws , just missing screw holes . i only recommend to those with a nack of wood handyman , not for the average person . recommend you need the following tools : drill with phillips screw heads and drill bits ( just in case ) , small bottle of dark wood stain ( to touch up painting the scratches ) , and some patience . to continue , beware when placing this table on a true flat surface , it may have uneven stance ... ok on carpeting . and beware if displaying in bright lit areas ... people may see the different paint tones , and difference between the two table . lasting , it is not 100 % solid wood , some panels have veneer over particle board . heck , what do you expect for $ 69bucks..
0 what a mess . i was so excited to receive my delonghi caffe sorrento bar4 4-cup espresso/cappuccino machine . being an experienced expresso drinker i started to brew my expresso , needless to say the frother works so so good you do not even have to turn it on . water and steam everywhere , also the frother does not turn off , i tried so hard that the knob came off . i was very dissapointed
0 broke after limited use . my screwpull lever model broke after opening roughly 40 bottles over 1+year . locked up and when i pulled a little harder it stripped a gear ( the notches into which the gear meshes are only plastic . ) i suspect the lockup during the twist-cork-in -then-lift-up cycle was due to worn part within the screw housing . in any event , it 's unacceptable for something this expensive to fail with such limited use . at the very least , the gear mechanism should be stainless steel vice metal-plastic to provide better wear . plus , we just talking about a stupid corkscrew . how hard /costly would it be to build something decent vice a piece of overpriced yuppy crap ? ?
0 just a regular mattress pad . my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem . it did n't at all . it does n't seems like it does anything for me either . it just feels like a normal mattress pad . not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
0 better than a hammer ? . regardless of the setting you use , you will get half coffee powder and half coarse grounds . in addition , the feature that is intended to allow you to control the amount of grounds you make with a switch on the top ... does not work . be prepared to grind more than you need , and then measure the grounds ( somehow avoiding the powder ) yourself .
0 it 's not even terrible . in my case i ca n't even say it 's noisy because the grinder did n't work at all ! manufacturing defect deprived me the chance to listen how it works
0 do n't buy . i bought this thinking i would be able to regulate the size , ( i have had my other coffee grinder for 10 yr. still works ) , to say it is loud is an understatement , and 1st thing in the am . i had it about 2 weeks , when i noticed it was hot to the touch , and it no longer worked , mind you i had not used it in 2 days , and had moved it to clean . i have not contacted them at this point , but do not want a replacement , and a part of me is glad it broke , so i do n't have to listen to the noise anymore
0 if i could actually get one that worked , maybe i 'd like it . i ordered the my cafe from amazon in early october and received it a few days later . on initial set-up , the unit failed to prime . i talked to bunn 's service dept . and was coached to try several steps , which did not work . i was given a return authorization number and told that i would be sent a brand new machine once they received the defective one . i have fed ex verification that the my cafe was received by bunn on october 18 . i called bunn on november 6 and was told that they would check on my replacement and call me back in a couple on minutes . no return call came . i called again on november 9th and was told that the my cafe has been on back order and that i am in line with an unknown other number of customers awaiting shipment . they could not , or would not , give me any meaningful information on when i might expect to see if the replacement works any better than the original . my cafe may be a great machine but bunn 's service is atrocious
0 a dud ! . i got the machine yesterday and was so excited . i got it all ready to prime by following the directions , and it did n't work . after several attempts i called bunn customer service thinking that i must be doing something wrong . when i talked to the customer service rep. he told me that the machine was n't pumping hot water into the reservoir and that this was a common problem with the machine . i 'm thinking for $ 200.00 this is n't right , and why has n't the company fixed it ? he was very nonchalant about it as if it did n't matter ; just get a new one . this just is n't acceptable to me . there are many positive reviews so i 'm sure if you get a working one than you 'll probably be happy with it . as for me , i refuse to use something that has a known problem that the company is n't even trying to remedy . therefore , i 'm sending it back to amazon for a full refund and buying the simple human coffee maker which has gotten great reviews
0 great frother - espresso consistently inconsistent . the frother is great ! easy to use etc . the espresso temperature is 140 degrees f when measuring the stream of coffee coming from the machine after the machine has warmed up for 6 minutes . at that low temperature you ca n't extract the flavors and aroma required for a great cup of espresso . other reviews stating it can take 5 minutes to brew a cup of espresso are accurate . this occurs when the grind is too fine . i 've had this machine for over a year and it is not recommended . i use it mainly for the frother and make the espresso in another machine . to add insult to injury , the chrome like decal on the machine has an air bubble under it so it looks cheap . i thought it was chrome undil the decal started to get this bubble . previously i had a gaggia which is superior in every manner , and cheaper also . the only reason i rated it 2 stars is because of the frother .
0 finicky machine has a real design problem . i bought the capresso 114 last december ( the difference being , the model 112 has chrome trim and a very questionable milk reservoir ) . this machine is unbelievably finicky ; you must use an extremely coarse grind ( according to the manual ) , and almost zero tamping pressure ( again , according to the manual ) , otherwise you get unbelievably slow coffee flow ( several minutes for a shot of espresso ) . even when you get everything according to instructions ( which includes , according to capresso tech support , disassembling the machine every few days ) , it takes at least 5 minutes to pour a shot of espresso , which comes out weak , bitter , and with no crema . after two months of discussing this with capresso tech support and getting nowhere , i returned the machine to amazon . after that i bought a krups xp 4000 -- bliss ! the machine makes great espresso in about 25 seconds , even with a fine grind and firm tamp .
0 poor quality coffee . this machine is sure to disappoint a seasoned european-style coffee drinker ( coffee as in beverage made from coffee bean , not a tall cup of sanka as the term is used in the us ) . admittedly , i 'm really picky about my coffee , but $ 250 for this machine is ridiculous . i 've had coffee from a $ 40 krups machine that is better than that made by the espressopro . i use high-quality pods with this machine ( molinari , lucaffe , and miscela d'oro ) which guarantees consistency in other machines , but does n't help with this machine . here are my issues with the machine . 1 . the thermoblock is n't effective . i have to put water in my espresso cup and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds before making an espresso or else my coffee will be lukewarm . disgusting , even with high quality beans . granted , unless your machine has a cup warmer , this is probably a good idea regardless of your machine , but with this machine , it is a requirement , not an option , if you want hot coffee . second , steamed milk is lukewarm on a good day . the same heating problem occurs with steaming milk . i called capresso , and they said to check all the fittings . in fact , after much frustration ( i 'm not an idiot ) , i finally just sealed the connections with shrink tube , which leaves only two points where the connection could be weak . still , i ca n't get hot steam . what i do get is either lukewarm liquid milk , or cool , overly thick foam . in fact the foam is so unrefined and thick that it gives the impression that you could chew it . nasty . 2 . the frothing mechanism is gimmicky and not effective . a standard `` frothing wand '' is much better . the mechanism on this machine is ineffective , lacks true control , and requires an extra step over a standard wand to clean . as explained above , the heat is not sufficient , and the quality of foam is irregular and bad . i 'm embarrassed to serve coffee from this machine to guests , let alone drink it myself . i just ca n't get over the heat issue . nothing kills a good coffee than lack of heat . this point is so important , if you take a gander at the francis ! francis ! x1 ( and professional machines ) , there 's a thermometer right on the front of the machine ( and no , it 's not purely an esthetic design issue since you can put several types of gauges/switches on an espresso machine -- like a pressure gauge ) . the low heat generated results in really thick , solid foam . when i have guests , i just heat milk on the stovetop and use a handfrother instead of using the espressopro 's lame mechanism . second , the way you adjust the foamed milk to steamed milk ratio is not effective . a little gate is regulated by the user through a twisting tab . it 's just not good design . since the milk actually passes through the machine and is heated internally by the machine , you ca n't really `` work '' the milk . a wand offers direct control and offers immediate visual response to whether you 're getting foam or hot milk . you know dried milk that collects on your steaming wand ? well , that 's now inside your espressopro . with a traditional wand , you just wipe the wand with a wet rag . with this machine , you need to run hot water through the frothing mechanism ( before you do this you need to wait for the block to heat up again ) . plus , there 's so many little pieces that need to be kept clean , it 's a pain . what a bad design ! 3 . 18 bar ? yeah , right . this machine also does n't generate enough pressure to develop nice crema . granted , i use pods , but still , a certain amount of crema is expected . this machine produces a thin , insufficient amount of crema . the lack of sufficient pressure probably has to do with the poor thermoblock . i really ca n't recommend this machine . for $ 250 , just go get a krups or braun . better yet , spend $ 50 more and get an entry level gaggia or saeco . with this machine you 're paying for looks and a gimmicky , ineffective frothing mechanism . this hunk o ' junk is now buried deep in the back of my kitchen cabinet , as i truly would not feel right pawning this machine off on someone else . it is now appropriately `` retired '' from service , and i now enjoy perfect coffee every day from my saeco vienna superautomatica . now that 's a machine , baby
0 cleaning trays cracked . inside this unit there are 2 cleaning trays , one for the cleaning solution and the other for water to rinse . each tray has a cup coming out the bottom which is used to lock the tray into the device . after only 3 uses the base of the one cup cracked . after about 6 more uses the other bottom cracked . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
0 got 5 minutes out of it . this worked great ... for 5 minutes . i tried everything to make it work again over three days . i finally contacted customer service and they said there is nothing else to do - send it to them and they will replace it . i 'm glad they were responsive , but now i have to pay to ship the darn thing to michingan
0 water reservoir poorly designed . i too have experienced the water tank caving in and not working properly if you forget to take the water tank out of the steamer unit , and mind you , you must also remove the cap from the water reservoir even after you remove it from the steamer . i have tried putting hot water in the tank in an attempt to regain its original shape to no avail . i would not recommend buying this steamer for this reason
0 leaks coffee while brewing 8 out of 10 times . as another reviewer experienced , our krups also leaks coffee all over the counter and subsequently the floor quite often , which is apparently related to having to have the carafe situated in just exactly the right place within a half a millimeter , and which place i have not yet discovered except occasionally by chance . carafe positioning appears to be the problem , because it does n't leak every time . maybe my unit is defective , because other reviewers do n't mention this , and believe me , you would notice this if it were occurring with yours . the opening to pour in water is relatively small , but i do n't have a huge problem with it . be aware there is no automatic shut off . it makes a fine cup of coffee for this non-coffee-gourmet , and i do n't have a problem with spilling when i pour from the carafe into a cup . but the leaking is forcing me to find another machine . i wish i could find a reasonably-priced , non-leaking 12-cup machine with removable water reservoir , no-drip carafe , programmable , auto shut-off , easy-to-find replacement carafe and removable filter basket but alas , even on amazon.com , that machine does not appear to exist . my sister has such a machine ( mr. coffee urx23 ) , but that model has been discontinued .
0 you could do a lot better than this . i had slightly older edition of the krups crystal aroma for several years , until i lost one carafe too many - if you 're careless , when empty they tend to roll like a bowling ball right off the countertop . but that 's my fault . the crystal aroma carafe looks cool and the filter would probably help if you have unpleasant tap water , but overall , the quality of the coffee it produces is merely ok . the reason not to buy this coffeemaker is that krups now makes a much better one . `` aroma control '' is a poor description for the recent line of krups coffeemakers by that name actually do . the aroma control machines have a simple , but ingenious mechanism for retaining the coffee in the brewing chamber for an extra minute before letting it drip through into the carafe . more than filters or an exotic shape that supposedly retains aromas , that extra minute of brewing makes all the difference in the world . unless you 're just in love with that round carafe , skip the `` crystal aroma '' and move on to the `` aroma control '' line .
0 received wrong one three times . i ordered the pro 5 plus three times and recieved the wrong one 3 times . they kept sending the `` commercial 5 mixer . '' in the meantime i have accumulated 2 shoping bags full of baking goods . i have ordered many `` cookie '' art books , along with many supplies as well as the set of 3 pasta maker attachment for this mixer . this has been going on since the beginning of december . but no mixer ! calls end up in whatever country . all they do is placate you with polite rhetoric and pat answers . which is their job . but this does not address the major problem . the problem is never kicked up to a higher level , researched , investigated and thus ending in a resolution . now i see this model or its equivalent , in costo . very cheap but with the steel attachments ( whip , dough hook etc ) like the commerical one . it looks like a combination of the pro 5 plus and the commercial one . and the model no . is not listed in kitchenade 's website . there seems to be something amiss with this pro 5 plus model . this has been a frustrating experience . i now plan to order the pro 6 instead , which cook 's illustrated listed as number one . and it wo n't be from amazon . receiving the wrong one three times is a bit much . dissapointed in the service .
0 broken glass . i ordered these glasses 3 times and everytime they came in a million pieces . i would not waste your time purchasing these
0 barely functional but not reliable . my first cuisinart 4-slice toaster developed a dangerous problem after the 3-month warantee period : it started heating when not turned on , and made strange clicking sounds . it never had toasted very well , and only toasted lightly on the darkest setting . to their great credit , cuisinart replaced the toaster for the shipping cost alone ( although it took 3 months ) . the replacement toaster also toasts very lightly , very slowly , but at least it 's not an immediate fire hazard
0 cuisinart is not testing these toasters ... i saw many good reviews for this toaster and a few bad ones too . i took my chances and ordered one anyway . cuisinart is not testing these toasters . it took 10 seconds for me to see that the inner elements are not heating up . they are cleaning them , possibly changing the elements , and shipping them . my guess is that it is just cheaper not to test them . big mistake . it 's harder to win back customers than to keep them .
0 poor quality for the companies reputation . this sifter broke a month after i got it . it seems sturdy but it actually requires carefull handling . the sifting is somewhat slow but good ( excercise ! ! ! )
0 too much work , did n't last long . the amco sifter broke during the second time i was using it and the first time i used it it took a long time and the handle kept sticking . also my hand , wrist and arm were hurting so bad from all the work it took just to get four cups sifted . it also leaks flour where the handle is at the bottom
0 breville grill and bbq ... ..forget it ! ! ! . this item is too big and very difficult to operate . it is the worst breville product purchased . the panni press does the same thing without the difficult cleaning . i would not recommend this item ... too much money ... definately not worth the cost
0 an investment ? that 's funny . brass rivets expand and contract . wood expands and contracts . together these elements are a bad concept from the word `` go '' , because they will ultimately separate because someone will at one time or another put them in the dishwasher . the metal is only tempered 4 times leaving the metal soft , meaning there is a lot of sharpeing to do . henckel , cutco , trident are expensive and chefs all over the world use them because the are used everyday and they retain their sharpness because they are tempered 7 times ( the maximum amount before metal becomes so hard that it becomes brittle ) wood is pourus and is the perfect breeding ground for bacteria . you do n't just wipe off knives and put them in a wood butcher block ? what moran came up with that great concept ? utensils need to be sterilzed through a dish washer and very hot water with good cleaning agents . why woould you buy a knife that you ca n't put in the dish washer ? why would you ever purchase a knife that requires maintenance . there 's no moving parts wood handle and stainless steel spells disaster . learning to sharpen your own knives is not easy , chefs do n't even do it . reading direction from a pamphlet and attempting to sharpen your knives for the first time spells disaster . your knives will never be the same if you attempt this . companies sell sharpening tools to inexperienced knife sharpeners ( like yourself ) so they wreck their own knives and buy new . you buy clothes that require dry cleaning , correct ? bring your knives in and have them professionally sharpened and protect your investment . you should only buy one pair of knives in your lifetime and they can be handed down from generation to generation . a dull knife is a dangerous knife . a dull knife will require more pressure which will lead to a person cutting themselves . take it from me . i was a ceo with a company who marketed these knives to people like you and we made alot of money too . these knives were never designed to be passed on from generation to generation
0 terrible . i purchased this blanket because i loved the color . that is the only thing it has going for it . there were feathers all over the place and i keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! it is now stored in an airtight bag because i ca n't toss it- i paid good money for it
0 this plate is not bonechina , that is why is so cheap ! ! . be aware , if you are looking for bonechina stay away from this piece . it is made in china and very low qualit
0 high hopes but does n't work for kitty litter . i had bought this vacuum because of the good reviews . i wanted a cordless vac to take care of the quick jobs -- not heavy cleaning -- but the primary job was to do to take care of daily kitty litter cleanup ( rescued mother cat and 4 kittens ) . it does a good job for lint and hair but does n't work on kitty litter . it spits it around or keeps in roller section . i thought i was using it wrong and tried it every way -- but it only picks up a small percentage of the kitty litter and rest is just blown around or drops out when it 's turned off . i 'm going to have to buy another cordless vaccum
0 do n't buy it ! . i received the 14.4 volt vacuum for christmas 2004 . after a full charge , it lasts less than a minute . it would be great if the battery lasted , but it does n't . go with another product and save your money on this piece of junk
0 worked great then the decline . i bought this product about a year ago and for a while it worked great . then i noticed that the unit was starting to shut off faster and faster until today when i finally decieded to toss her . overall in the beginning yes there is alot of power but what is the good of it when the battery 's life is only about a year before she goes . i wouldnt recommend one especially since dirt devil came out with a cyclone one which i will try with hopefully longer lasting results .
0 not great . first of all i was abt to buy this product ... but cancled my purchase as i found the same kind toaster with less price in the market.. but same time i bought one kitchen utensils set.. and i am sorry to say it is just usable not good one like i they shown.. i saw many utensils set with same number of item atleast 500 % times better than what i got , second thing , i wanted to cancle the order immidiately but i tried to find out the customer care no on the amazon site.. but i could not find one : o ( ( any way thats why i have decided not to buy from this site anymore ... as now i ca n't rely on the pics only..
0 not enough words for this near criminal activity . easily the worst toaster ever . brendaa the 5 star above must have gotten the single toaster in the whole production series that actually worked . there are just not enough words in the english language to describe this utterly useless peice of junk that will not hold toast down etc . etc.. well , maybe not useless , if you are looking for something to bring about a cathartic welling of emotions that has you standing in the yard with a maul and and a toaster at your feet . i 'd give it a minus 5 stars , but they do not even have a 0 star vote
0 works great ! fails quickly . this grinder grinds well but failed after just 2 months of operation . do n't buy it unless you want to waste your money
0 this product deserves no stars . this pricey toaster is not worth its weight in bread . for the first few weeks it seemed to evenly brown the bread but since then it has become the worst toaster i have ever owned . it is impossible to get evenly browned bread instead you get burnt crust and blotches of brown randomly scattered over the bread . save your money . do not buy this product
0 waste of money . stop be for you buy ! ! ! ! should have saved my money . making pasta with this machine is disappointing . the recipe given with the instructions is way to sticky to run through the extruder . i redid the dough 3 times before i was able to extrude it , and still it stuck together . i should have listened to the rest of the reviews , but having owned a pasta maker/extruder before i thought it would be a piece of cake . if i were you i would invest in the roller pasta maker for you mixer . on the bright side though ... the food grinder is wonderful
0 must agree with negative reviews . i have not tried this pasta attachment a second time - i 'm afraid of harming the motor . the mixer became very hot and oil even leaked out . i going to get the mixer checked/serviced and not risk damage again . one thing missing from these reviews is the mixer models used . perhaps those with the heavier motors work better ? i have the smaller motor ( 250 w ) k45ss mixer . surely kitcheaid must read these reviews . i would expect some additional user information for this product on their website , but see nothing . very disappointing product and consumer support . come on kitchenaid - give more info and/or offer to give $ $ credit for return of this questionable product
0 good for two things ... the only 2 foods it grates well are parmesan and chocolate , as long as the chocolate is cold , not worth the money , i think i 'd rather use my small hand held gater . it was a good try , but i wo n't buy another one
0 nice design ... but it 's broken too . i 've purchased several different rotary graters and this one had the same result as many of it 's other plastic siblings . it too broke within 2 days of use . these plastic graters just are n't built with much strength and should not be used with harder cheeses , or by someone who has a strong grip . the common defect i 'm finding in plastic graters is how the rotating arm is attached to the drum . the tiny amount of plastic there is n't desined to withstand shearing forces which is what rotates the drum . when i find a good rotary cheese grater , i 'll write a review on it
0 less than impressed . the first dolce item i purchased was the wine tower and i have been very happy with that piece . however , the coffee table and end tables all arrived with cracks . the coffee table was not glued together properly and was misaligned . not pleased at all and way too costly to ship back
0 delivered broken . i purchased this as a christmas gift for my mother . i was very excited when it arrived much sooner than i had anticipated . i opened it up , so that i could give it to my mom assembled . unfortunately , an entire corner was broken off and the other corner was cracking and splintering . the packing materials are insufficient to say the least . i immediately called target 's customer service , and the operator very graciously assisted me in returning my table . despite my dissapointment about the broken table i was glad that target did the best they could to resolve my issue without any hassle . and # 60 ; br / and # 62 ; and # 60 ; br / and # 62 ;
0 useful but a hazard to the user . it looked like a great idea , just what i needed to get my older golden in and out of my jeep . problem is , there is a serious crush hazard because of the weight and design . there is a finger and quot ; crush area and quot ; near the hinges where a user would most likely grasp the ramp to fold it . i have mashed fingers several times and sustained a moderately serious crushed finger the last time i used it . if i ca n't make it safe with a saw , then out it goes . it 's too dangerous for anyone in my family to use
0 not good for smooth surface cooktops . i splurged on this pan because i was tired of the and quot ; wobble and quot ; my cheaper pans developed on my smooth glass cooktop . this pan warped severely after only 4 months , not any better than pans a fraction of the cost . i plan on returning it for replacement , and will use the new one for low temperature sauces only
0 do n't ... i had a littermaid a couple of years ago that lasted me for a year and did great . i am not sure what is wrong with this type we had it for a whole week then it stopped working . do yourself a favor and do not get this
0 neither of mine worked for long ! . when i bought my first littermaid box , i thought it was a miracle -- no more scooping ! hooray ! it worked so well for my four cats that a few months later , i bought a second one . unfortunately , the second box quit working after just a couple of weeks ( and i 'd thrown the receipt away , so i could n't get my money back ) . soon after that , the original box quit working , too . so , within about 6 months , i spent close to $ 200 on electric boxes that no longer functioned . after researching better and more reliable options , i 've settled on the omega paw box that you roll to clean . i now have three of them -- no electric parts to break , and , actually , less mess than the littermaid
0 high price but cheap parts . the littermaid mega is absolutely one of the worst purchases i have ever made . in less than two months time , the unsubstantial motor has burned out completely . litter maid claims that the boxes should need to be emptied every five days for one cat . well , i have two cats and had to empty the box two times daily . the litter maid is good for controlling odors when it works , but it constantly jammed and then shut down ( and i used a recommended brand of premium cat litter ) . after a few weeks of this load , the tiny ( and very loud ) motor simply gave up . i 'm waiting to hear from litter maid regarding warranty repair/replacement , but i suspect i 'll end up returning to a traditional $ 5.00 litter tray . the overall concept of the litter maid is good , but without sturdier components , it ends up being trash in no time
0 good , but not quiet there yet ! . i very much enjoyed this unit when it was new it did everything that was stated on the box.however , i now need to replace the ifd filter due to the accumulation of nicotene on it and can not find one anywhere . i purchased two units at once for around $ 450.00.if i had used them in a `` dust '' atmosphere they would still be great ! honeywell should have tested on nicotene and smoke odors before touting the phrase permanent in reference to smoke and nicotene . i am sadly disappointed in a company , who over the years , i have purchased many of their products
0 good coffee but bad workmanship . the machine is easy to use and makes great espresso ... when it 's working ! mine broke down within the first year . i spent $ 80 dollars to fix it the first time , but it broke down again after another two months of use ( water would n't heat up ) . it would cost me another $ 200 to fix it . i 'm now looking for a more reliable machine .
0 chintzy , not worthy of henckels brand name . we have nothing but henckels in our kitchen , as we love to cook , and everyone who cooks knows the value of good knives . i bought these without a second thought as i am used to henckels quality . what a surprise we got ! made somewhere in asia at bargain basement prices , i 'm sure ... while these probably do cut steak as well as any cheap serrated knife would , if you are buying them because they are henckels and you expect a certain quality - do n't . we returned these promptly
0 what you pay for . a little less than so-so . you think it is a bargain because of the name . it 's not . get some good steak knives at your grocer 's
0 still waiting . i have had this kit for 3 1/2 months and still no seeds have sprouted . the package does say it may take a few months though . you might consider getting a starter kit/set instead with potted plants
0 it 's too cheap ! . i bought both this and the similar version from brookstone this year . i was expecting a lot from the metrokane , but it turns out the brookstone is much better . it 's $ 60 , but the brookstone version will last you much longer than the $ 45 metrokane . among the differences : the metrokane is made of plastic , the brookstone is metal . the brookstone model comes with two bottle sealers , and it 's case is made of very high quality leather-like material instead of cheap plastic . finally , my metrokane is brand new , and i 've already managed to scratch the finish , since it 's so cheap . if you 're looking to get a new wine opener , do yourself a favor and buy another brand
0 broken in less than 1 year . my salter 1001 scale started having problems within 3 months and broke within 10 months . i am sending the scale back to saltier for replacement . a good scale while it worked , but what pain this has become
0 disappointed . the thread count and softness of the sheets met my expectations , however the top sheet was the wrong size , it did not even fit across my queen size bed . i had to return them . the holidays are coming up and i am very reluctant to shop amazon.com . i was previously a happy customer
0 what a dissapointment ! . i 've owned black and decker 's predecessor to this unit - the shortcut - for about 25 years . it was a well designed mini food processor . so i had high hopes for the black and decker mfp200 minipro plus food processor . what a disappointment ! the problem is slicing . the slicing disk *must* be used in conjunction with a `` redirection disk '' that redirects whatever your slicing out the `` ejection chute '' . well this chute ejects alrighty - all over the kitchen . it goes back to target tomorrow . and to the design folks over at b and d : you should really test out your designs before going to production with them . do yourself a *huge* favor and pass on this unit . i have to go now ; i have mushroom slices all over my kitchen .
0 crap . i bought one of these to make bagna cauda , and upon loading the necessary ingredients and depressing the `` high '' button , it sparked and died . well , ok , i guess it only *half* died , as the `` pulse '' button would still work , if i leaned on it with my entire weight , but both the `` high '' and `` low '' switch settings did nothing . so i 'm thinking next time i 'll spend a little more ; meanwhile , this little guy goes back
0 tossed mine . i only used mine once , then tossed it . wish i would have read these reviews first ! thought it looked good at kohls . i liked that the grates can be seperated to wash ... they do , but it takes a lot of force . feels like you 're going to break them . i should have returned it but i was mad at it and trashed it.. at least it was marked 15 % off ( still higher than here though ) . i 've been trying to find one like we have . a simple one with a handle . no plastic . i feel they work the best . i think it 's an ecko , but i ca n't find it anywhere . target and walmart do n't have it
0 not quite as good . really nice bowl with cover . it mushed up the tomatoes and the safety handle you hold on to broke on the second use . it does however make very thin slices
0 broken after 5 months . great while it worked , though a little large . but , it broke after 4.5 month
0 not too acurate . too slow to give reading almost never changes
0 no longer made in england . i have purchased these plates from amazon in the past and the earlier plates were made in england . so , i ordered more to go along with my current set to find that now they are made in india and were not of the same quality as those made in england . i sent them back . i will say that had i not already had the more detailed and colorful items , i might have appreciated these of lesser quality more than i did .
0 broken item . i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund
0 i moved to panasonic . cthis is my second bread maker . i bought cuisinart 's one last year and had used it for about a year . i had no idea how different each bread maker was at that point . cuisinart 's one has obviously some problems : 1 . bread tends to be darker so quickly and becomes hard . 2 . it is very noisy during kneading cycle as i can not hear the music from the audio . 3 . paddle is caught in the bread and hard to remove it if you do not remove it before baking cycle starts . 4 . some basic cycle have no `` pre-heat '' cycle . it means i need to prepare exactly appropriate temperature water to make yeast work nicely . but it is very hard and sometimes i fail . 5 . the design of the case is not great . some unmixed ingredients are left on the corners and baked as it is if i do not mix it using a spatula . one of my friends owns panasonic bread maker and showed it to me . i was so surprised at it as the thickness of the case is very different . she has never had such a problem which i have had . then i decided to get panasonic one although my first one is still working . the bread maker was delivered in 2 days . i tried same recipe which i often used for cuisinart 's . the bread came out amazingly nice and much nicer than the one from cuisinart . bread is nicely blown , crispy outside and soft , fluffy inside . it is just perfect . i guess these difference come from mainly these things : 1 . the case is very thick so that bread can not be brown so quickly and keep the inside of bread soft and flavorful . 2 . `` pre heat '' cycle adjust the temperature of water well . i do not have to make appropriate temperature 's water any more . 3 . this machine has the special room for yeast . it works very well to keep yeast away from the water particularly using the timer . i think i never back to cuisinart although i miss some points ( sophisticated design or the window on the rid which i can see inside of the case through ) of cuisinart a little bit . i highly recommend this bread maker .
0 what a disappointment . did i get a lemon ? . i was so looking forward to this machine . i am a long time machine bread maker and have had two other brands with not a problem . first , yes it burns the crust on med ; second , i made 4 , count them , four batches of their recipe bread and my recipe bread and they were all awful . could not believe it . each time i followed the reciped and instructions to the letter . i 'm giving up the ghost and going back to my el cheapo bread machines that work every time . love the style and the loaf shape of the cuisinart but do n't like wasting my time and ingredients . maybe i got a lemon
0 not as good as it seems . i bought this rack thinking that i can now bake cakes with bigger size , or cool a bunch of cookies on the same rack ; well ... i am very disappointed . but let 's start witht he good things first . pros : 1 . it 's big , i like the size a lot 2 . it 's gridded , so i do n't need to worry about cookies falling off the rack . they are steady right there . cons : the biggest problem is the material , it is not strong at all ! when the rack arrived , the middle of it was already bent ( or sagging a bit ) . i was able to bent it backwards easily , yet that `` perfect '' posture did n't hold for long , it 's back to its bad sagging position again very soon . then it got way worse , when i try to cool cakes on it . cookies are n't that bad , since they are light . when i have the moist and right out of the oven cake sitting on that rack , the middle of the rack is barely touching my kitchen counter top already . of course , as soon as i lift my cake up , it goes back to the normal sagging position . i think unless you are planning on baking cookies only ... this is not a rack for you . pick something else , something stronger
0 star wars bedding . i had to wash the comforter 3 times before it softened up enough for me to put it on my son 's bed . the sheet is still `` crunchy '' . i was a little disappointed with the quality of the sheets . they are very thin . the comforter is however snuggly warm
0 poorly designed lid . this is a gorgeous ice bucket . it is large and stylish . however , i can not recommend it because of the lid . the lid is attached to the bucket and does not come completely off . instead , it pivots and swings up . the problem with this is that you can not fill the bucket all the way up with ice because you have to leave a good amount of room at the top for the lid to swing . and , because the lid is not removable , it gets in the way especially if you want to use this bucket as a champagne/wine cooler . poor design flaw . i want an ice bucket that i can remove the lid and put it aside if i do n't need to use it rather than having it sticking up and in the way . you 'll notice in oxo 's main picture of this bucket on this site it is shown without the lid sticking up . why ? because it makes for a cleaner look not having the lid in the way . hey oxo , that 's the same look i wanted this bucket to have sitting on my bar ! would it have killed oxo to put a knob/handle on the lid and let the customer decide if they want the lid on or off ? i swear sometimes i think manufacturers never bother actually testing out the things they design . if they had , surely they would have noticed how bad their lid idea was . or they could have looked at every other ice bucket on the market to see that theirs is the only one in which the lid does n't come off . that should have been a clue to them that there are obvious merits to having a removable lid . this bucket has a clear plastic lid . i do n't understand why it 's plastic at all . first of all , it 's an ice bucket ! i think everyone knows ice is inside without needing to peek through the lid . secondly , a metal lid will keep the temperature inside colder longer than than a plastic lid . that is why the bucket is made of metal , not plastic . metal is a better conductor of heat and cold . i wish i had noticed the lid before i purchased it . i did n't pay close enough attention . i suppose i assumed it was a normal lid that came off like all the others . thankfully i got the bucket from my local bed bath and beyond making its return very easy . i am sorry i have to return it because this really is a nice looking bucket . however , i do n't intend to spend $ 40 on an ice bucket just to sit there , look pretty and receive compliments -- that 's my job as hostess : - ) . i want an ice bucket that is functional too . oh , well ... my search for the perfect ice bucket continues .
0 unhappy dad . i picked one of these up for my husband for father 's day . it looked like a great idea , avoiding the mess of ice and rock salt . we followed the directions exactly and were very disappointed when chocolate soup emerged from the maker . we put it in a container in the freezer and ended up with a chocolate brick ! needless to say , we are not at all happy with this product
0 if you love your kitchenaid stand mixer ... this is a no , no ! . i have a profesional 6 model , and i did everything the recipe said for 1 batch of regular spaghetti pasta . it did n't kill the mixer , but the motor became very hot ! i will never use it again . i also have the roto slicer/shredder , fruit/veggie strainer , food grinder and sausage stuffer attachments ... none of these have even made my stand mixer very warm . -- that tells me the pasta maker attachment is a bad product . i am thankful that my model is 525 watts ... i could only imagine what would have happened if i had a classic 300 watt model ! my best advice is to pick up an inexpensive pasta machine or an emperia hand crank pasta machine . they run between $ 20-40 without a motor or $ 80-120 with a motor ( that you can also buy separately for $ 50-80 ) . -- a very small price to pay , if you want to keep your kitchenaid stand mixer !
0 disappointment . have been wanting to get the pasta roller attachment and ran accross this plastic pasta maker at the store . was really excited since it was in my price range . took it home and tried to use it . my kitchenaid mixer starting smoking and so i let it rest for the hour . upon removing the attachment i found oil and black rubber or grease was all over the inside of the attachment . ( on the coil thing that pushes the dough through ) next time i wanted to use my mixer to beat egg whites it had no power . i sure hope this inexpensive attachment did n't ruin my wonderful mixer . highly disappointed with kitchenaid on this attachment
0 yes , it 's crap . if you buy this this thing , be prepared to cut off about an inch off the tip , 'cause apparently the tip is just there for aesthetics . plunging this thermometer into boiling water , it wo n't read accurately ( 15-20deg under ) until at least an inch of the tip is immersed
0 no filters ! . very annoying that you ca n't get the filters for this coffee maker anywhere
0 too small and too slippery . the bag is narrow and difficult to fill . you invariably end up with a mess which gets even more messy because the bag is made from a very slippery plastic . i had no luck using this bag , even though i gave it two chances
0 another dissapointed cuisinart customer ! . i purchased a 14-cup cuisinart some years ago . i have had nothing but trouble . first the handle stuck while i was kneading dough and i barely was able to pry it off . then i had problems with the stem . when i tried to get a new one from customer service they told me that they were no longer servicing my older model and suggested i buy a new cuisinart ! stay away from cuisinart ! i 'm looking into kitchen aid for my new processor
0 beware , outer shell , may melt ! ! ! ! . i recently purchased this product . the first time i used it , i thought it worked great . i made a pot of chili and let it cook until we were ready to eat it that night . the second time i used it , things were not as good . the outer shell where the controls are were literally melting . i had programmed this to cook for 10 hours while i went to work . i came home that night and the hours had not changed . i realized i did n't click the on/off button to start heating the cooker . this may have saved a house fire . i went ahead and changed the time from 10 to 4 hours . this set the unit to high instead of the original low setting . not 15 minutes after turning on , the outer covering was melting . i immediately shut it off . i see the 4 quart units were recalled back in 2004 for similar issues . whatever their problem , it has not been fixed . be aware of this serious problem when using your slow cooker . i am returning mine and will exchange for a different brand
0 do n't use for hot food ! . bought this for the kitchen and the only piece that truly does what it is supposed to do is the vase they give to hold all the pieces . the spoons both melted in pots of boiling water stirring spaghetti . the spatula bent and distorted while trying to lift something off a hot cookie sheet . if there was a choice to give a half star , that is all i would give ... ..you have to give them some credit , since the vase looks nice on the counter and lt ; grin
0 stained steel . stainless my foot ! i received these from my wedding registry and only just used them for thanksgiving this weekend . after one run through the dishwasher , several pieces are rusted , the finish has worn off , and they are even pock-marked in places ! i too threw away the box when i first took them out , and can not find *any* information on warranty or how to contact cambridge silversmiths . i 've bought cheap individual pieces of stainless for *camping* that stood up better than this . i wish i 'd put oneida on my registry instead of this crap
0 scratchy sheets . these sheets are like 200 cotton count not 1200 cotton count . do not order you will be sorry ! !
0 a good idea , disappointing in use . these silicone pot holders are indeed brightly colored , easy to wash in the dishwasher , and protective even when wet . they are also clumsily stiff at the same time as they are slippery , the net result being a miserable failure in the kitchen . they are useful for protecting a counter from a hot pot , but not for picking the hot pot up
0 such a beautiful but defective glasses ! . i just received my set . the glasses are so ... beautiful ! yet , 5 out of 6 are defective ! ! what a big disappointment ! i have been looking forward to receiving my first riedel ... .amazon.com provides great deal which i got $ 80 for 6 glasses , but they were obviously factory seconds ! so disappointed ! however , the design of the glass are beautiful ! ! i am still returning them ! so sad ! ... ... :
0 never turns up on time . great sugar dish , fantastic colour , but amazon 's shipping time of 1-2 weeks is way off . i ordered this twice and had it take well over a month to arrive
0 good product ... terrible vendor ! buy elsewhere . amazon seems to experience a disproportionate number of `` pricing errors '' . whenever you attempt to purchase anything at amazon that represents a 50 % or higher discount , do n't expect to receive it . poor business practices
0 george forman gr36cb . this is our second george f grill . the first one burned out after about 5 years . we liked but could not get the same size so we got this one . it was bigger than we wanted but we had no other choices . what a mistake ! ! ! ! after less than one year and not heavy use the connector to the thermostat ( spade conn. ) just fell apart . being the handy man that i am , i fixed it . today ( 9/6/2005 ) it burned out again . this grill is a fire hazard and should be recalled . it is a piece of junk . we will replace it with a different brand . thanks for nothing george
0 warning ! . i would n't purchase anything from vision decour ! i ordered this 3 piece set the same say i ordered pieces from three other companies . it took vision decour longer to just e-mail me than it did the other companies to ship and deliver the other three pieces i ordered . apparently the set i ordered was out of stock , but vision decour neglected to update their web site . after they contacted me about this issue i checked their site and they still had the set listed as availabel and in stock . so now i have been waiting for weeks and have half of a living room with no prospect of getting the table set i needed to match everything else
0 broken dishes . these bowls are wonderful - a great addition to my winterberry collection , however they came packaged in the same packaging as they would in store , so during shipment they were broken . amazon was great to send replacements , but some of those were broken too . i have finally received all dishes i ordered , but beware of receiving broken dishes
0 if i could give it no stars i would have . buy something else . my first and only use was to cook a roast in the oven at 275 degrees and within the first 30 minutes it started to give me the wrong readings . i have had it a while but have not used it as it is only good for the oven . the statement on the inside instructions `` when cooking in a barbecue or smoker , do not use as a continuous read thermometer , use only as an instant read thermometer . `` , `` 5 . do not use this unit to measure cooking temperatures over 392 and # 9702 ; f. '' as well as `` warranty excludes thermometer probes . '' should be on the outside , letting people know this is only for the oven for continuous use and that the probes are junk . if you have to keep checking the meat in a smoker over many hours , a cheap $ 6.00 meat thermometer will work just fine other than letting out the heat . why does the outside packaging say the reading range is 86 and # 9702 ; to 572 and # 9702 ; if you can only use to 392 and # 9702 ; . i would say this is only a typo and they likely did a cut and paste on their lower temperature unit 's instructions , but 275 and # 9702 ; in the oven killed mine so maybe not ? cut to the chase , look for a better unit and let me know when you find it
0 polder should give up on the thermometer business . i 've had 2 polder thermometers and both of them have had a very short life span . do n't waste your money
0 looks do n't always count . this unit looks like it would be fun for the kids , but in fact , it barely works . even when the insert is pre-frozen in a zero degree freezer , the maching has problems getting the mix even into a `` soft '' state , and even when it gets close to that , the ice cream does not dispense in a manner that allows for the classic soft-serve look in the cone . an email to cuisinart regarding the problem went unanswered . we used it twice , and gave up . one hint that 's not in the instructions : you have to keep the machine running while dispensing -- or trying to dispense -- the ice cream . another hint that 's not in the instructions : do n't buy this item
0 it 's less trouble driving to carvels . the machine leaked after we poured in the liquid ingredients.the mix in dispenser did not operate properly , all we put in were sprinkles . the ice cream did not harden enough until about 25 minutes ; kids can not wait that long.we could of driven to the local ice cream store and back by this time . save your money , buy a old fashion ice cream maker instead at least your kids will get a workout and be occupied at the same time
0 verry disappointed with cuisinart . your freezer needs to at least zero degrees f in order to have the bowl freeze to a point the ice cream comes out a consistency thicker than a very thin milk shake . i needed a seperate chest freezer in order to achieve these temps . the ice cream maker is made of cheap plastic which caused it to break after two weeks of mild use . we attempted to correct the problem with cuisinart via e-mail and phone calls and the issue still is not resolved and therefore we are returning the ice cream maker . negative points aside , the ice cream maker did make great ice cream . ( thanks mostly to the ben and jerry 's recipe book we ordered at the same time . ) we 'll look into getting a better quality ice cream maker in the near future . it wo n't be made by cuisinart
0 waste of money ! . this cooker made great rice ... for a grand total of 3 uses before it broke ! it also has a very thin and easily dented aluminum bowl that is not non-stick . there are better cookers out there for comparable prices . do n't waste your money
0 fooled me once , shame on you . fooled me twice , shame on me . that 's right . i got taken twice . i bought this cooker for under $ 20 a few years ago , and it died after the second use . considering it was so inexpensive , i just bought another one . it died again after only one use . i wish i would have read the reviews beforehand because it seems to be a common problem . i guess salton just recycle their returns so they can afford to pay george foreman the $ 90 million they owe him for endorsements
0 rusty beaters ? . i received this a shower gift a few years ago . standard mixer , ca n't do anything too drastic with it , but i noticed the last time i took the beaters out of the dishwasher they had rusted . these are not stainless beaters and they will rust . i 'm in the market for a new mixer
0 spend a little more for a better mixer . this is clearly a case of `` you get what you pay for '' . for easy jobs this mixer works fine , but give it a thick batch of brownie mix or cookie dough and the motor will just di
0 good for 4 years . i 've had this toaster for four years now . it just started going down hill recently . -it started toasting too darkly on the settings i had consistently used for years . -the digital setting knob no longer works , it is stuck on 4 . -it only shuts off when manually popped up . i have to agree with other reviews that said it does n't toast very even . i 've noticed this in my four years of use . so if your willing to pay the price for it to last 4 years get it . if not , try another with better reviews
0 not worth the money . do n't bother buying the pots . after only 2 months use , the inside edges are cracking off ( i hand wash all the pots ) . i have a fry pan of another brand that i have used for over 3 years and this never happened . in addition , in spite of purchasing the 12 piece set and three additional pans , they refused to give me a $ 20.00 promised rebate . i 'm ready to junk the set
0 do n't buy - they rust - not 18/10 . while these are pretty and feel good in your hand , they rust . i had them for 3 days when several of the forks began forming rust inside the swirly patterns . they are not 18/10 as advertised - they are only 18/0 ... which is why they are rusting . i returned them promptly .
0 def . not a good tank . you look at them in a picture frame ... ..the fish are crammed in there
0 stupid stupid stupid . ok this is the stupidest thing i read all the reviews and all the nagitvive ones i agree with i wouldnt put a guggy just one guppy in the i have african cichlids mbunas to be exact and i have a 29gallon i over stocked mine but i dont carei have 15 if you count the two plecos ok i have a 60 gallon filter .does this thing have a filter ? ? ? and if its only 6.34 gallons or 2.16 gallons idk its not worght it.if you want a small fish tank get a desktop or if you want a wall fish tank get a custom they only cost 1,000 dollars spend it its worth it byebye and thank
0 rusted after two weeks . i was excited when i got the set , however after a few cuts/uses the knives are dull and the santoku has rust on the sharp end of the blade . for a warranty claim i have to pre pay postage to get a replacement . not recommended at all ! i 'm surprised at the low quality with this brand
0 quite disappointed for henckels . we own a set of 2-man pro series and this set did not even compare . returned them the same day they arrived to my house
0 you 're kidding ... i have a set of mid-range henckels that i bought some years ago , and they are -much- better than this . i bought this set for my daughter because they were a good compromise between quality and price , and she wo n't ruin then in the dishwasher . i would have thought that henckels would n't make any actual crap , but this set comes awfully close . the good thing is , boy are they sharp . but there 's bad things too . only the 8 '' chef 's knife and the shears have any feel of quality at all , the rest are -very- thin and flimsy . 'laser-cut ' edges are overrated - make them another millimeter thick please , so they can make a precise cut without the blade bending and taking off in an unintended direction . a good knife is an extension of the cook 's intention - it does what you want , and does not require thought and pre-conception and compensation in every cut . ( ... ) is waaay too much for one adequate chef 's knife and some toys . very disappointed in henckels , and in amazon too , i do n't feel i got what i ordered .
0 cheaply made . we got this as a wedding gift and it worked ok for about 2 years , but there are 2 plastic parts that have broken in the last month making it unusable . would not recommend this machine or this brand to anyon
0 my husband almost burned the house down ... i myself am not a coffee drinker but after watching the lengths that my husband has gone through to get keep his coffee hot , i will agree with other reviewers , this delonghi is dewrongi . my husband has to boil the water in a kettle to pre-heat the carafe before brewing . if he does n't get a chance to drink it right away , he puts the carafe ( filled with coffee ) onto the stovetop on low . well a couple mornings ago , we were both rushing around to get the kids off to school and off to work . without thinking , he put the carafe on the burner but must have accidentally cranked it to high heat . next thing i know i 'm screaming from the kitchen because the carafe is on fire with 2 foot flames quickly spreading . he dumped a pot of cold water on it and hallelujah , no damage was done . ( we are so lucky as we are selling our home in a few months . so after reading the other reviews , i 'm no longer pursuing a replacement carafe but instead will buy him a whole new machine ... and it wo n't be a delonghi
0 do n't give this to anyone you like for christmas . i went to amazon after having several problems with this coffee maker only to find lots of others with the same problems . yes , delonghi makes a great product . no , this is not one of them . i have read the directions so often i have them memorized , and i can tell from the number of reviews that there is a serious quality control problem with this unit . i bought mine from costco , and sometimes the manufacturers do something different for costco product runs . i hope that is not the problem , but that is all i can think of that would be causing such a disparity of reviews . so ... who else bought this unit from costco ? because if that is the problem i 'll bet costco will be all over delonghi to fix it . until then , this is definitely not the coffee maker you will look forward to first thing in the morning , every day
0 do n't waste your money . these knives barely cut ... . and the title is misleading . this set has nothing to do with faberware . also , i have had this set for only a few weeks and already rust has appearred on them . buy them if you intend it for one time use
0 what a piece of junk ! . these are not farberware , but hoan -- which makes cut-rate kitchen implements like knives , measuring cups etc . i sent these as a gift , and was hugely embarrassed when i showed up for dinner and found out i 'd sent this junk.this is deceptive advertising at its worst -- shame on you , amazon !
0 i would not buy these again - in fact , i wish i returned them ! . my mom bought me this set for my anniversary two years ago . we use it regularly and run it through the dishwasher and it is just horrible looking . it spots and marks pitifully . i ca n't get most of the spots off no matter what i do . i wrote the company to complain and they said they would replace it if i mailed it in , but with the weight of the set ( because it really is a heavy-duty set of flatware ) it would have cost me a fortune to ship it to them and then all i would have gotten in return was another set of flatware that would probably look the same way in a short period of time . so , i am just putting my experience out there to help others make an informed decision
0 limited use . used this burner during a kitchen renovation . does n't heat very evenly for use with a skillet , but product is sufficient for boiling water for pasta and vegetables . wish the base was heavier for stability
0 krups : quality control issues ? . hi , i usually do n't complain about the products that i buy because i consider myself a savvy consumer , but in this instance i was dubbed big time ! a few years ago , we received a krups coffee maker as a wedding gift and we love it ! however , this particular toaster rarely worked . in fact , i would say that 85 % time it would either not toast or would `` flip '' the toast prematurely e.g . 5 second or less . i have no idea if this is a fluck in quality control or not , but i highly recommend buying a different toaster . i know , i thought , krups makes a toaster ? wow , i 'll buy it , after all how hard can it be for a german company to manufacture functional a toaster ? well , evidently , they have issues .
0 a big mistake . although consumer reports rated this model as # 2 , i have found this a very disappointing purchase . the cheap aluminum parts inside bend all the time jamming the toaster . it toasts very uneavenly and inconsistently . i am very sorry i purchased this toaster . i was expecting much more from a toaster so highly rated but i 've learned that consumer reports does not always get everything right . listen to the other warnings and stay away from this toaster . as soon as i find another toaster , this one goes off to goodwill .
0 warp factor 1 . nice , shiny , new , heavy , quality product . two uses later ... warped and buckled tray bottom , shiny , heavy , poor-quality product . i am a keen cook and i do n't expect to spend this much on an so-called `` quality '' item only for it to warp and buckle after two uses under normal conditions . 1 star
0 fatal flaw . i 've had this appliance since just before thanksgiving but only able to fully use it twice . it 's very cool the way the egg poacher works with the muffin toaster . but when i washed the egg poacher cup , a good bit of teflon came off . ( i tried a second time and my poached egg was full of black teflon flakes . ) the appliance came with a notice that implored you to please call the back to basics if there is a problem ( rather than the retailer ) so i did . i was told they would send a replacement cup immediately . i can boil eggs in it which is great but you ca n't toast at the same time so either your toast or your eggs get cold while waiting for the other . as i approached my 30 day return period , i called back and was told that the cups were being redesigned and they would send one out immediately . today ( now 64 days after the first call ) i called again and was told that my cup was mailed 10 days ago ( but only 7 business days so they wo n't even discuss tracing or resending until next week ) . they mailed it from utah . i live in seattle . i am so not happy with their service , their attitude and now i 'm even getting annoyed at the appliance . hopefully , no one else will have this problem . but , just in case..
0 i used it once and it 's going in the garbage . i have had this gadget for a little over a year as we got it as a wedding gift . i had not used it as it did not seem worth the trouble to plan on getting it out ahead of time and charging it for 15 hours when i could use a manual grater right when i needed it . last week , i needed to shred some cheddar for a recipe . i read the instructions front to back , allowed it to charge the full amount of time , and i was pretty excited when it came time to try it out . right from the start , i knew it was junk . you are supposed to be able to lift the piece of plastic up and have it stay in the up position while you change the blade . not mine . the plastic piece kept coming off , and dozens of tries to keep it upright resulted in dozens of failures . i decided to look past that and judge purely on the shredding ability . once i started trying to grate , i had a really hard time getting the thing to shred . i tried varying degrees of pressure . as others commented , the cheese does get stuck everywhere . then , the cheese that does come out is in tiny little shreds . i did not get the nice big shreds that i am used to with my manual grater . my husband thought i was doing it wrong , so he tried it . he had the same result . i will not even sell this at a rummage sale or give it to goodwill , because people are better off without it . since it was a gift , i 'm glad i 'm not out any money . it is going in the trash
0 wow this sucks . i wish i saw the feedback before i bought this ... this thing sucks you have to charge it 15hours just to get 23minutes of nothing.. it has no power and it just pushes the cheese it doesnt even grade it ... please dont waste your mone
0 metrokane mighty juicer -- . to whom it may concern . cheap assembly , binds up on internal hardwear , does not press fully , all in all , very poor product . you would be better off hand squeezing with you hand than you would with this item ... run
0 cracked base . after a couple of years of casual use , my bowl also cracked in the freezer . fortunately i had it wrapped in a plastic bag so the mess was kept to a minimum . now i 'm in the market for one with a higher quality bowl .
0 worked well ... 3 times . i received this as a gift for christmas . it worked like a charm for ice cream and lemon slush 3 times . but then , the base burst in my freezer , spewing foul scented goo all over . i contacted the manufacturer to ask how to get it replaced , and never heard back . apparently they do n't care about backing up their product . now i have to buy another one , and it wo n't be this brand
0 horrible tasting ice cream that costs more than premium . i bought this item on sale at shopko , where it will be returned today . i froze the gel disk as instructed , bought all the ingredients listed in the recipe booklet for vanilla ice cream , cooled the ingredients after mixing as instructed . after 45 minutes of mixing i ended up with ice cream soup . you could let this thing run forever and never end up with ice cream that is set up enough to eat . i put it in a container in the freezer . the next morning i had an ice cream brick . not to be deterred i microwaved it for 15 seconds until it was soft enough to actually remove with my metal ice cream scoop . this stuff gets harder than cement ! after all this work the ice cream had a bad plastic-like aftertaste . i had to throw it all out . if this is n't enough to deter you keep in mind that the `` heavy cream '' called for in most of the recipes listed in the booklet costs a pretty hefty price . i paid $ 2.50 for the heavy cream listed to make 1.5 quarts of ice cream . that price does n't even include the other ingredients listed . buyer beware
0 what a disappointment . i used this maybe a dozen times before i stopped using it out of disgust . the surface is fragile and hard to clean . i reheated pizza and the residue stuck so tightly it could only be scraped off with extreme care . i did a bone-in slow roast and the weight alone pierced the surface so the juices bled into the matting layer . what 's the point if you ca n't clean it or let anything harder than jell-o come into contact with it . just to clarify -- the mat was used to line an airbake cookie sheet for the pizza and to line a baking pan with the roast atop of a bed of carrots and celery . i like my pizza crisp yet moist so i reheat it in a skillet when i can . i bake thin or drier pizza on an insulated sheet to keep it from getting desiccated . when i make a roast -- i do n't need any gravy . i slow roast the alton brown way and the juice stays in the meat rather than ending up in the bottom of the pan . the meat literally makes its own au jus in your mouth . i put a bed of vegetables on the bottom to further reduce the heat transfer from the pan to the meat . not cooking for a crowd ? try a 3 inch thick steak ( stood on end ) cooked this way . you wo n't want to share . i do n't slow roast turkey but it only takes 2-1/2 hours to do a 14-16 pound bird if you temper it properly . my sister always gets comments on how moist and juicy it is . in fairness , when i gave my neice two of my unused large pastry/baking mats , she used them successfully to make her chocolate dipped strawberries , turtles , etc .
0 boils fast but this is a flawed kettle . well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking . the copper does , indeed , boil water fast ; and that 's the job of a kettle , i admit . however , the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you 're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle . as you tilt the kettle to pour , you 're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers . it 's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst . while you learn how to not get scalded , this kettle is always at least slightly irritating . there are better kettles around
0 returning broken glasses for credit . why would anyone rate these glasses more than 1 star if amazon is refusing to credit for those broken in shipment
0 pretty dull . the handles , although very cushioned , are too fat for my hands ( which admittedly are rather small ) . i never really got to give either piece a true test though , because the blades on the parer and the vegetable peeler were way too dull to work well . i ca n't really recommend either , although the parer was a little better than the peeler
0 not the right bowl for ice -45 . this bowl does not work with the ice-45 ice machin
0 the hardest can opener . i 'm sure that this is a wonderful can opener if you can figure out how to use it . i recieved mine as a gift , and neither the giver , myself , or my husband can figure out how to use the thing . i was told that the instructions could be copied from the internet , but who can find them
0 rust . i bought this flatware in spite of the warnings about rust . well , sure enough , rust started to form on the knives just after the first run through the dishwasher . the rust spots were small , but i returned the set anyways , as i am not willing to risk the severe rust problems reported by others . and just for the record , i did not use lemon detergent , and i only allowed the set to stay in the dishwasher a short while after the cycle completed . this set is at best a high maintenance proposition . hand washing and drying is not for me ! its a shame , because the set really is beautiful
0 not as good . this delonghi toaster oven was not made as well as the previous one we had . the grey plastic on the sides made it look cheap . the stainless steel was very thin too . you could bend it easily . we returned the oven
0 stopped working in less than two months of owning it . i was pretty happy with this toaster oven until last night when it just stopped working while i was baking some potatoes . i have no idea why it would just quit working like that . i am not happy at all with this product
0 defective controls . this was a great toaster , until it starting turning itself on . after popping up the toast a few minutes later the heating elements will come back on . kitchenaid has a recall on their proline series with the same problem but there is no recall on this model , yet . do n't bu
0 i am extremely happy with this product after i returned it ! ! ! ! . it spins on the counter and the juice always slips out of the cup ! do not buy this piece of junk ! ! ! ! ! do n't waste your money on this .
0 poor design . i bought this juicer last week from a local store . it is impossible to keep it steady when you use it . you are lucky if you get the half of the juice in the glass ! the juice is all over the place . the unit started to make a loud noise after 2 days . i will return it this weekend and get my money back . stay away !
0 tried it , hated it , returned it . i needed a compact cleaner to tidy up after my delightful cat decided to soil my couch . i had read other reviews of the bissell little green machine that were unfavourable , so headed off to the store to find something else . . . . the atlantis express looked interesting , and i had n't seen it before . suffice to say , it did get the cat stains out of the couch , but not after revealing itself as a really poorly designed product . - the machine is loud , very loud - the cleaning 'head ' on the end of the hose has a 'flip-up ' cover to make it easier to clean where it sucks in lint and stuff into the machine . that is a great idea , but there is no gasket to make the joints true and tight . . .. so while it may have 2 times the power of other machines based on sheer power of the motor , it looses some of this power when you actually use it to try and suck water and cleaning solution back up . - the option to spray water and solution or just clean water is part of what appealed to me about this machine . however to accomplish this , the cleaning head has 2 seperate spayers on the underside . neither are centered , the one on the left operates when you have the slider set to solution and the one to the right operates when you have slider set to rinse . as they are not centered , they overspray quite a bit past the edge of the cleaning tool . mine sprayed a wide swath of rinse water about 3 inches past the edge of the cleaning head . to top it off , when you release the trigger , the cleaning head continues to drip water for a few moments , meaning that you have to go very slowly or risk dripping everywhere . while it functioned well enough to clean my couch , it was a brutal and terrible experience . when i bought it i figured it could be used too on my car interior . . . . but the frustration of cleaning a small patch on my couch quickly quelled that thougt . i returned the atlantis express to the store and went out and bought a hoover steam vac jr. -- which i should have done right from the start -- - the hoover runs circles around this machine
0 the first atlantis was destroyed ; this one should be too ! . the first , and only time , i tried to use this compact carpet cleaner was a total disaster . while removing an old sofa to make way for new furniture , the delivery men stained the new carpet . i whipped out our new atlantis , filled the rinse tank and popped in the soap cartridge . with manual in hand , i tried to quickly clean the carpet as the new furniture was making its way up the stairs ... the unit did not dispense soapy water , the hand-held wand leaked , and finally i discovered that the body of the until was leaking all over my carpet , creating a soggy new stain . so here i am with two stains on my now very wet carpet , furniture being delivered and an atlantis unit sitting in my bathtub until i can find a large sledge hammer . do n't waste your money with this thing . there has to be a better answer
0 bad unit . wish i had heeded the advice of most of the reviewers before i purchased this . i went ahead and purchased this because it was replacing a braun coffee maker that we had had for 10 - 15 years . after it got the new plastic taste out of it , it made good coffee . even without the brita filter . just like all the reviewers indicated , the carafe leaked and spilled badly unless you poured very slowly and carefully . unfortunately , it has quit working after only 2 1/2 months . the seller , etronics , is declining to do anything about it saying it is now outside of their 30 return period . that will be the last thing i buy through them . like uhh , since they sell braun , one would think they would have some recourse through braun and try to help their customers . so , here i am between the proverbial rock and a hard place , try to find a braun warranty center and wait for it to get repaired or replaced , or just bite the bullet an go buy another . ( want to bet it wo n't be a braun ? ) additionally , what do we do for coffee in the mean time ? such are the hazards of purchasing an electric appliance on the internet
0 disappointment . i 've had two of these now , and they both had one serious flaw : the trumpeted `` brew and pause '' feature does not work . pull the carafe out during brewing and treat yourself to a steaming hot waterfall of coffee that would almost be comical if it were n't such a relentless pain in the neck to clean up . also , it 's hard not to spill some water on the heating plate , either during filling or brewing , creating a consequent sizzling sound that adds a lot of ambience -- if you live in a steak house . considering how many other coffee makers are available out there , these flaws make this machine a mistake . too bad , because some things are done quite nicely : the controls are good and easy to set , and the overall styling is sleek , euro-cool , and compact . unless you live in a community where calcified sewage runs through the taps , the water filters do about as much as a rain dance . pass on this one
0 just stopped working and not even 1 year old ! ! ! ! . i loved this coffeemaker , until it just suddenly stopped working and it is n't even 1 year old ! ! previous coffeemakers i owned have lasted years and years . i expect more from a coffeemaker that cost over $ [ ... ] + . now i have to find the warranty card and go through all that hassle . i am not a happy customer
0 exterior exposed lip reaches 250 degrees on auto setting . i returned this the day it arrived . i heated the obligatory 4 cups of water as per instructions . left the room and came back in 20 minutes . the warning light was not lit . i moved the crock to the side to see if i had not properly plugged it in since the light was out . i brushed my hand against the exterior lip and received a first degree burn . farberwear company customer service said `` the light is a little dim '' but you should be able to see it . yes , you can see it if you look up from below the crockpot you will see a faint glow . the crock pot sits very loosely in its container leaving a large gap between the food container and the heater housing.heat escapes through these gaps which accounts for the overheated exterior . i would advise those with kids , especially , to find another slow cooker
0 taylor professional thermometer shuts itself off ! . i received my taylor professional [ and ] it appeared to be behaving normally except it shut itself off after 4 to 7 minutes even while its readings were changing . now , it is supposed to save its battery life by shutting off if there is no change in its temperature reading for 10 minutes , but it should stay on if its readings are changing . the temperatures were no where near the extremes of the thermometer 's range , so this was n't a case of shutting down because of that . ... i e-mailed the manufacturer about the problem and was told i could return it to them for replacement . i did this and less than three weeks later received a new one from them . surprise , surprise -- this one behaved the same way , shutting off after 4 or 5 minutes even while its readings were changing . i e-mailed taylor again about this and suggested they check out their existing supply of this model , as i suspected they had many that were shutting down like this . ... approximately two weeks later ... i received another package from them containing one of their model 9845 thermometers , a different model ! i received no communications from taylor about this , other than their original e-mail stating i could return my original thermometer to them for replacement . i do n't know what i 'll do now . i would like a properly functioning 9878 ...
0 cake always stick . i own this pan and the bavarian and chrysanthemum models too . i think nordicware makes very innovative designs which makes their flaw even more disappointing . after a few uses , everytime i bake with these pans the cake always stick . i grease and flour these pans before baking and the cake still sticks . one reviewer said to liberally grease these pans , but i do n't understand why there 's so much work for greasing a `` non-stick '' pan . i had less worries when using a regular tin pan with no `` non-stick ''
0 a bit disappointed . i purchased this item to be able to grill during the winter months when it 's too cold to be outside . it looks very nice and clean up is super easy . the problem seems to be in what you decide to grill on it . the first time i used it , i grilled chicken breasts and they turned out fine and by keeping water in the drip pan , i had no problem with smoke . this is great , i thought . the next time i grilled hamburger patties and even though i followed the same procedure as before , it smoked up my whole house . ( these were not high fat content burgers either ) i added more water to the pan thinking it may have not been enough and it continued to smoke even more . it was not a pleasant experience . right now it is sitting on top of my fridge and it may stay there until i decide to give it one more try . if it fairs better next time i will return and give it a better review..maybe
0 chemical smell . i finally just threw them out . they were apparently cured with some chemical and the smell was terrible .
0 bad shaft . there are only two mixers on the shaft . as a result it is very difficult to mix the ice cream into a thick milk shake
0 not nonstick . we had registered for all-clad pans for our wedding last year , and decided to go with a calphalon commercial nonstick set instead . the person helping us highly recommended the calphalon one infused anodized set instead , and said the demonstrations he had seen were fantastic . we bought that set and have had it for nearly a year . we hardly ever use it , however , because things stick so badly , even with oil . while the set looks quite nice and cleans up easily enough with soaking and bar keeper 's friend , i 'm very disappointed with how it cooks and would love to be able to return it
0 my pan has warped and is getting worse . at first we loved this pan . we 've used it quite a bit , but recently it has started to warp and it gets worse when it is heated . i can no longer sear a roast and then put it in the oven because the pan is so uneven . i 've contacted all clad and am waiting to see what they say . needless to say , i would have been much happier with a less expensive pan . i am very happy with all the other all clad pans that we have , but this one is a disappointment
0 overpriced . this item is the black sheep of the all clad line . it is not a triply pan like other all clad products and is made entirely of stainless steel ( no aluminum ) . it is also made in korea where other all clad products are made in the usa . there are better roasters out there for less than half the price of this roaster
0 very low quality steel . i liked the look of these pots . i bought several 2 and 3qt pots mainly for boiling water for pasta , potatoes etc . the stainless steel used is very poor quality . after just over a month all of them have rust spots on the bottoms and where the handles meet the pot . after the first use i noticed small discolored spots on the inside bottoms , not your typical discoloration from heat , and they would not polish out with bar keepers friend . these spots are now where i see rust forming after each use . these are definitly no where near the quality of my all-clad and calphalon stainless steel cookware , but then again neither is the price . all said i would n't buy them again . even cheap stainless steel pots and pans should n't rust with normal use . even the free cuisinart santoku knife i received is rusting and i 've only used it 3 times . i can not stress how bad the steel is ! as far as cooking goes , they work great . the aluminum core bottoms conduct the heat well . they also have a great look aside from the rusting
0 save your money for something else . i bought this coffee maker , because some people gave it high recommendation here . i think i wasted my money . it worked only for a couple of days . finally , it just stopped working and i had to push the button at least three times in order to collect a small cup of coffee . that is ridiculous for an expensive coffee maker priced at $ 80 above . it makes me feel that this japanese coffee maker is like sony-made products , having a fancy looking but lousy quality . save your money for some other coffe makers , and avoid this one
0 why is all the steam coming out of the side ? . i have to agree with the other negative reviews . this insert loosely fits the all-clad 3-quart casserole pan i bought with it ( which i could understand if i were trying to use it with another brand ) . it being from the same line and company one would think that someone would have tested how well it worked . as with all all-clad products it 's built very well but who cares about that if it does n't work properly . someone else mentioned all the perforations are in the bottom of the insert , it would be better if there were holes in the sides as well . i think my artichokes would cook a little faster if tons of steam was n't rolling out from in between the insert and pan . it works , just not very well .
0 bad design/cheap materials . we 're a small restaurant ( 16 seats ) , serving dinner 4 nights a week , and we use the blender for soups , caesar dressing , etc. , once or twice a week , but never use ice in it or anything like that . we 've had two of this same model now , and had the same problem with both of them . the black collar , the part of the base where you set the container , is plastic , and on both blenders has broken . the first time it lasted almost a year , and we figured that was n't too bad -- especially when you compare the cost to a true commercial/professional blender , which are $ 300+ . also , we really like the blender in terms of function , so we picked up another one . this time , the exact same thing happene , except that the collar cracked within 2 weeks ! ! my other complaint is that i found waring customer service to be disinterested and unhelpful -- especially because i contacted them about buying a new model , not about problems with the one we had . i saw a model on their website but no purchasing info was listed ; i emailed to find out where to purchase , and the rep seemed almost inconvenienced by my inquiry
0 unsatisfactory . no postives to report . the unit is : 1.too small to make enough cheese to bother with . 2 very difficult to clean . 3 poorly designed ; the cheese sits in the whey . 4.overpriced . this should retail for under eight bucks . four or five on sale . faster and easier to use cheese cloth than this device .
0 reliability is the issue . unfortunately , i 've ordered more than my share of foodsaver products , having bought into the philosophy of vacuum storage , despite reading ample warnings from discontented consumers . what many of them claim is very much to the point : plastic containers frequently develop cracks and loss of vacuum . i 've had many of their marinators and storage canisters prove defective after less than 10 uses . it seems to be related to the material properties and container size characteristics . the smaller containers seem to last longer . those with thick walls relative to the specified volume or reinforcing structures seem to last just a bit longer . in plain language , the plastic containers are unreliable . foodsaver should develop materials and designs that can handle the stress of the vacuum cycling placed on them , or quit the the business . since their products have been on the market for many years , i can only assume they are more interested in recruiting new customers than satisfying existing customers . if you like filling out warranty forms every few weeks , more power to you . bottle sealers are equally worthless . every one that i bought lost vacuum in short order . in one case , a defective seal resulted in a spill of cooking oil that damaged a nylon tent and other camping gear . foodsaver has done a good job with certain items in their product line . the vacuum unit is well designed and performs reliably , as long as the instuctions are followed . the bagging system is unassailable , even though the cost of the bags and rolls is quite high ( read consumer reports reviews ) . and , to be fair , their universal lids are excellent . use them to seal small glass jars or stainless steel bowls , and there is no loss of vacuum due to cracked plastic . bottom line ? be careful which products you buy . some are excellent , while others are pure junk .
0 what a messy thing ! . i was disappointed in this product . the butter slid out of the bell and into the water . i think it would be better if the inside of the bell was n't glazed
0 grater broke . i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle . this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
0 a disapointment , it lasted just two years . this percolater makes great coffee and i was very happy with it until it broke within two years . actually the first thing that broke was the little plastic knob on the top . i called the company and they were very nice about it . they quickly sent me a replacement part . i thought , what a great company . then when it would not work one morning just a little over two years after i bought it i called them again . they explained that it was no longer under warranty ( i think i missed the warranty term by a month or two . ) they offered that i could purchase a refurbished one from them for about half the price of the original ( i paid about $ 70.00 , a refurbished one was , i think , $ 35.00 ) but it came with no warranty and i 'd have to pay shipping . i was very , very disappointed . thankfully , i had my old drip coffee maker in the attic . i pulled that out and have been using it although it does not make as good a cup of coffee as this percolator did . this product should have lasted me years . i am looking for another good cordless percolator but would not consider another product by this company . i gave it the two star rating instead of one because it did truly make a good cup of coffee but the two year life is just not worth the cost
0 yummy coffee for 9 months ... first the plastic top broke off at 6 months . then it stopped working at 9 . i have one word : junk
0 the dies are too fragile . less than one month after puchasing this pasta machine all of the pasta dies have broken . the ring nuts can not hold the dies in place and they break . maybe it is because i was making semolina pasta , but that should not be the case . this machine has caused me way too much stress at dinner time . knowing what i know now i would buy fresh pasta at the store
0 worse than the ronco machine . after my ronco machine broke , i bought this one . it never worked well for hollow pasta , and the bearings went out after about 20 uses
0 smells funny . i bought this on 8/4/06 . when i first got the coffee maker , i ran plain water through the machine to get the plastic smell out . afterwards , the machine still smelled like plastic , now i 've ran vinegar through the machine and still no help . the horrible plastic smell is still there . baking soda is no use also . the only thing i 've not used is bleach . if you do n't mind the plastic smell then this is a good small machine that works well with most coffee cups . makes really hot cups of coffee and none of the leaking problems
0 not what i expected . these are plastic-y , one cracked after 2nd washing , they look like the little fish bowls from the county fair , so big you have to use 2 hands to prevent sloshing it all over yourself :
0 good while it lasted . this was the best toaster over i ever owned . but one of the infrared bulbs blew after about 4 months . does anyone know where to buy a replacement
0 i was looking for more ... i can not testify as to how well this unit makes toast . i basically bought this toaster oven for it oven capabilities . * i like the fact that the oven cuts off after the timer expires . things burn quicker in a toaster oven . * my major gripe : i often can not selected the correct oven temperature . for example , today i needed to warm up some bread sticks to go with italian dish . the box told me to set the temperature to 375 degress . guess what , there is no 375 degree temperature on this unit . there is a 355 and 390 . other frequently requested temperature settings missing on this unit are 350 , 400 , 450 . 425 is the only relatively common temperature setting that is found on this toaster oven . as a `` do n't fire up the big oven heating up the house on a hot summer day '' unit , this toaster oven comes up a little short
0 chips ahoy ! . the sango splash line of dinnerware is gorgeous , no doubt about it . it 's got a lovely combination of colors and textures and it feels great in the hand . so what 's the problem ? it chips . i 've had a set of eight place settings plus various serving pieces and other extras for about two years . at last count , there were five pieces with chips and one cracked cup . that does n't say much for the set 's longevity , especially since i do n't use these every day .
0 iced by machine . this machine does not make clear ice , just like your in-refrigerator does not make clear ice . also , please read consumer reviews about function
0 norpro bread slicer . what i most like about this product is the crumb catcher feature . unfortunately , i have a problem with the acrylic piece at the end of the cutting board popping out when i am using it . i would also recommend that the wood used be a harder wood such as is used normally with cutting boards as when i slice it leaves grooves in the wood
0 broke in the first week . i agree with other writers . this unit is very poorly designed and built . cutting my third loaf of bread , the knife point came out of the guide , and on return , snaped one of the guides off . not washable , end plate falls off while cutting all the time , unit slides over the counter when trying to cut ( rubber feet would have cured this ) . i would look elsewhere before buying this unit
0 flimsy not worth the money . very disappointed in this product . it falls apart everytime you try to slice a piece of bread . the wooden crumb box gouges very easily as well . just a piece of flimsy plastic . : ( i ended up buying a much less expensive bread keepr that came with a slicing guide , about half the price and it works great :
0 great value but ! ! ! . the 17 piece set is a great value but quality of the stainless steel is poor . the mirror finish does n't last long when you begin cooking on or even boiling water . the bond use to stick the bottom plate to the bottom of the pan is odd . when 1st heated it makes a few popping sounds . i did n't expect a great quailty product due to the cost of the set . finding everything that i needed and used was more important . the set does heat evenly and cook well it 's just overall spotting and stains are an eye sore . this product is great if looking for style and going to hand it up over an islan
0 do not order this from amazon . i grew up with corelle . my mom still has a complete set she got before i was born . it survived four kids -- all boys -- and three marriages . i thought it was indestructible . i was wrong . when i lifted the box from amazon , i could hear shards of glass scraping around inside . i only needed to open one flap to see that , indeed , the entire set was destroyed . however , i should point out that the problem does n't lie with amazon . the damage is purely the result of corelle , which clearly did n't intend for this box to be shipped solo . my advice : pick up a box locally at macy 's or dillard 's or something
0 pretty , but not very functional . i like the calphalon contemporary line a great deal , and so i was pleased to find the steamer insert that fit my pan . but my first attempt to use it was a failure -- the small steamer holes ( and not very many of them ) are easily covered by the food to be steamed , leaving the insert to function like a double boiler . after working for close to an hour to steam summer squash ( which should take 20 minutes at most ) , i gave up and dumped the squash into the steaming water and boiled it . i 'm sure that some foods will steam in this pan , but items that lay flat like sliced vegetables will be a problem
0 buy a good steam iron instead . this steamer was only useful to get the wrinkles out of clothes that had been really balled up ... it gets them to a state where you can iron them more easily , but basically saturates with the steam so the fabric is damp . sure there is technique to learn , but i spent a good long time on several different items . it heats up quick and produces steam well etc , but it performed far below what i thought were reasonable expectations . it also has a low hanger so you constantly have to extend the hose to let the condensation run back down or else get gurgling and low output . i returned it , amazon was good about that , and the return shipping was less than what amazon charged me in the first place
0 doa . sigh . was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via ups in pieces . i should have heeded the previous reviewer 's warning . doh ! oh well . live and learn . live and learn . refund , please
0 arrived broken . how durable can a pan be that arrives in pieces inside the box ? i ca n't imagine breaking my old cast iron frying pan ... this one had a huge chunk out of the side . i sent it back and will look for a better quality item . shame on mario for endorsing this thing
0 problems . with 3 different speeds you think you would able to make a shake or smoothie in this machine with no problems right ? nope , i am always running into problems with ice getting stuck around the blade assembly , and i do mean stuck ! i have not had this blender for very long , and i really do n't use it very often either so there is no reason i should be told my blades are probably dull - its not like i was making a brick smoothie ! ahh.. also why does the lid stain so easily - i have never made anything that contains purple in my blender ans now my lid is permantly that color ! the best thing i can say about this is that it is heavy so it stays put , and the lid has a really tight seal which is not good if you have limited mobility in your hands . i have since purchased a differnt brand and have no problems ! looks the mixer is the only thing kitchenaid has perfected
0 coupler broken after 1 year . after going thru several $ 20 dollar blenders in the last 10 years i decided to splurg and go for the kitchenaid . well it did n't last even as long as the cheap ones . the motor is still good , and the blades are still good , but they used a little plastic coupler between the two and it lost all it 's teeth one by one . we mainly like to make milkshakes and smoothies about 3 or 4 times a week .
0 beautiful - but not worth it . i bought my first one about 14 months ago - it lasted about 8 months . motor made a high pitched sound and blew coffee all over . i dismantled the whole unit - it then worked for about 2 days . i called kitchenaid - ( they are right about no hassle warranty ) they quickly sent me out a new one . this new one lasted about 6 months - and now has the same symptoms . i really wish this was the grinder for me - i love the capacity for bean storage and love the way it looks - i have been forced to look at other grinders . hope this helps . by the way - i used grinders twice daily - in the morn and then in the evening - not like i was putting a whole lot of strain on them ! hope this help
0 good ... until the rivets snap . i was happy with the performance of the strainer ... easy to clean , fit well over the edges of pans , etc . but only a month after i received it , the handle snapped right off . i was draining a can of vegetables , so it does n't seem to me that was overdoing it . i 'll definitely check the fastenings on the next strainer i buy
0 do not recommend . i baked two batches of madelines side by side , one in this pan ( set on a baking sheet ) , and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating . i brushed both pans with canola oil before using . as per the package instructions , i allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them . the madelines in the traditional pan released easily , were golden and high , and had a pronounced design . the other batch were almost soggy ( probably from cooling in the pan ) , flat , pale , and did not have the appearance of a madeline . to make matters worse , they did not release easily , and a few of them even broke as i attempted to remove them . i would not recommend this pan
0 big disappointment . we were so looking forward to fresh lemondade . the moment the salton arrived we opened the box , pulled out the lemons we had bought in anticipation and began juicing . on the 5'th lemon the gears stripped and the juicer no longer turned when applying even the slightest amount of pressure to the lemon . we were all very disappoined , my 5 kids and i : ( i had hoped for better after reading the great reviews written by some of the others .
0 poor quality . i also tried some cotton wamsutta sheets from bed bath , and beyond and they pilled the first time i washed them . i was able to return them to the store , but it was a waste of time . i would n't recommend these sheets or any wamsutta sheets because i think they 're poor quality
0 rust spots . these knives are already showing spots of rust despite washing by hand and drying . very disappointed in quality of finish
0 very upseting purchase . the blender looks very attractive but hardly works . quite a bit of time even crushing a tomato . hard to believ
0 horrible product . this products is horrible . it burns the rice and the heat actually bend the insert so the lid would not fit anymore and after using it only a handful of times it stopped working . it is really terrible would give it zero but there is no option
0 a piece of junk ! . do n't waste your money . i bought this because it was small and i wanted a rice cooker that would make 3 cups and take up less storage space than the bigger ones . it burns the rice every time no matter how much i adjust the water ratio . and brown rice - forget it , even more burned on the bottom . you have to watch it instead of being able to rely on it doing what it says it will do . it has yet to turn out 'perfect rice . ' if i could rate this a zero i would
0 died after two loaf . bought it two months ago , used it only twice and suddenly it stopped working within a week . called manufacturer , got return label , sent in for replacement , but three weeks passed and i still have not received anything . so i called them on nov 17 , 2006 , and was told they do n't have this model in stock . the worst part is that they also said they do not know when it will be ever in stock , maybe tomorrow or may in a year . i wish i had tried to return it to amazon rather than called manufacture for return/replacement . do not buy this model ! ! ! and maybe we should not buy any breadman branded products at all since the customer service from manufacturer is astonishingly bad .
0 super annoying - sold , but did not deliver . i was really looking forward to receiving this , but four weeks after purchasing online , i received an email from amazon saying they did not have a supplier for my purchase ! i am disappointed in amazon . how can you sell something you do not have
0 disappointed . there is one huge problem with these sheets -- they are not permanently pressed . there is no way to get out the wrinkles , other than by ironing them . otherwise , they are fine . but who in the world wants wrinkled sheets ! you should be able to take them right out of the dryer and fold them with little or no wrinkles -- like your average sheet . these sheets are full of wrinkles and they look just terrible on the bed . i can not believe you are actually selling these things on-line
0 if i could give 0 stars , i would . great price , poor product . they are beautiful upon arrival . i washed them according to manufacturer 's instructions . you would not believe the copius amounts of lint that piled up in the lint catcher of my dryer ( usually a sign of poor fabric quality ) . while folding them up , i discovered that most of the hems had unraveled and frayed . and i had n't even used them yet ! unbelievable . i returned them for a full refund , including shipping ( and i stupidly purchased 2 sets ) . goes to show you get what you pay for . never again
0 junk . works if you have cold soda and it 's frozen . after 2 cans it 's done . yes you get two of the sleeves , but i 'm not pleased . better luck with a 99 cent foam coozi
0 negative reading light review . this light is made of cheap plastic , has a faulty switch , and broke down within an hour of use . no good , waste of money , will not order from american science again . very bad experience . no response from company when i complained , would like my money back , and then some
0 malfunctioned in less than a month . the timer worked great at first , but in less than a month , the alarm for the timer has stopped working and the magnet has fallen off . i am only keeping the timer because the clock and the stopwatch are still useful
0 easy to spin , but disappointing results . i was at first very excited with my new zyliss salad spinner - it looks great , and it 's much easier to spin than the older string-pull version ( not to mention the old-school `` pump '' versions , which required a lot of effort ) . however , as another reviewer mentions , it simply does not get your greens very dry . i 've been surprised and disappointed by the amount of water left on lettuce after spinning , and spinning , and spinning
0 muffin pan . pan was what was expected but the muffins do not come out looking like a mushroom . i was looking for a pan where the muffin top came over the muffin so you could break it off . it 's hard to explain .
0 not for tomato-based sauces . the interior of this pan got discolored after the very first use . it got yellow stains from cooking tomatoes in a little bit of oil . a lot of scrubbing and a cycle in the dishwasher lightened the stains , but the pan never got its new look back
0 too messy . bought this grinder after my capresso grinder developed a crack in the plastic housing . after using for about two weeks , i have to agree with other reviews that mention `` static problem '' . the grinds cling to grinder and coffee end up all over the counter when trying to pour into coffee machine . the plastic cover also somewhat awkard to get on and off . i would not recommend this grinder
0 awful product ! waste of time ! . for years i used my mother 's cookie shooter to make my holiday spritz cookies . when i bought my first house i wanted my own cookie shooter . boy , i wish i had n't purchased this one . the first time i used it i thought , `` it should n't be this hard to use or take this long ! '' but i was using it correctly . the motor is so weak ! my biggest grip however is with the threaded rod that twists to push the dough out . the rod has an indentation all the way down , so when it 's twisting , it constantly skips back up and never eventually pushes the dough down the tube . if i do get a cookie out of it , it 's misshaped and took at least 30 seconds to get out . what a piece of junk !
0 a joke of an appliance . i can not believe what a waste of money this thing was . huge disappointment . i was all excited when i got it , made some cookie press dough , put it in , and ... nothing . the plunger pretty much spins in place . i could push the dough out manually faster than this thing can . i could n't even get one freakin ' cookie out of it , onto the cookie sheet . do n't buy this sorry excuse of plastic waste , and if you do , do n't say you were n't warned . i probably would have more constructive criticism , but # 1 this product is n't worth the effort , and # 2 i spent all effing evening saying to myself , `` it ca n't be this bad . it must work somehow . '' ummmm ... nope ! ! ! !
0 not that good . i got the white color version and was happy about it but this one is half the goods/worth
0 disappointed . we thought this was smaller than pictured and not comfortable . we were not pleased with this
0 too much work . i have had this pan for a year . i bought it because it was on sale and was shopping around for a new pot set . i figured it would be a good test run on the circulon brand . it grills great , but you will spend twice the cooking time cleaning the pan ! i could not imagine how much food would be left on this pan if someone without great eyesight cleaned it . you have to go along each crevice on both sides of the grill gooves to get the food out . it is very time consuming and tedious and just not worth it . i wonder if the calphalon pan is the same ? ? ? as far as the pot set i ended up buying-analon titanium 12 piece . highly reccomend it
0 not heat resistant . while this was great to not scratch my non-stick pans , it melted while using it in an aluminum pan ! would not recommend
0 there are better toaster ovens out there . pros : the oven part works great . i like the fact that it is controlled by a timer , meaning that you can set somthing to cook for 20 minutes and then it turns itself off . for cooking things , the double rack is also handy , although you only get one pan ( luckily , i saved the pan from my old toaster oven ) . cons : the toaster part is horrible . this thing burns my toast every time , unless i watch it carefully and take it out at precisely the right time . part of the problem seems to be that the timer does n't work very well in small increments , and in some cases never turns itself off . also , the bottom rack is completely useless when toasting , so the fact that they are touting this as a 6-slice toaster oven is misleading .
0 i loved it until it broke after 3 months of use . the fan was great , with lots of breeze and circulation . it is loud , but who cared ? the problem is that it only lasted for about 3 months before it just quit working , along with a little puff of smoke . two weeks before the fatal puff , the fan arced , popped , sparked , and gave off a puff of smoke , but it still worked . two weeks after that it sparked and puffed and has not turned on since . i live in hawaii and it is currently in the rainy season . there has been a lot of humidity in the air during the last month , and i noticed that the back of the fan was actually getting rusty . i thought perhaps that moisture was the cause of the sparking so i was surprised to read in another review that the fan was good to use during heat and humidity ! the fan was sitting in front of the living room window and it kept the whole small 2 bedroom house cool . we miss it , but i ca n't keep buying a new fan every 3 months ! this is the first time ever that this has happened with a fan that i purchased . i have been living in hawaii for 13 years and have been through a lot of fans . one of the best-lasting fans i had was a $ 10.00 lasko box fan . it lasted and worked well for 7 years before it quit working
0 dissapointed . just bought this item this week , was very excited about using it for the first time . turned out to be a huge mess . the stove turned black right under the grill , it took like 20 min to clean it up , burned up mess . also there there is soo much smoke coming from the grill i had to shut off the smoke detector for a while . overall the food came out pretty good but the mess with the stove really upset me .
0 very disappointed . this product had the best reviews but the performance was not at all very good . i found it very awkward to roll the litter box . you still have to bend down and tip the litter box all the way over to get the clumps into the pull out tray . and that 's the clumps that are n't stuck in the litter filter piece , which gets easily clogged and is not really something i want to deal with cleaning . besides not all clumps going into the tray , lots of unused litter ended up in the tray as well . also , i bought the 'regular ' size one and the filter piece goes almost right in the middle of the space so the usable cat space was very small . needless to say i returned the litter box and was so glad to have the old fashioned scoop litter box
0 ruined my cake . i own many kitchenaid appliances and love the brand . i even own a silicone muffin pan which i love . this pan , however , is terrible . the cake did not bake completely and i had a terrible time trying to get it out of the pan . ( yes , i sprayed the pan effectively . ) do not waste your money ! stick to the metal pans
0 stick with metal pans . this is a beautiful blue color , coordinates with my kitchen . however , i 'll bake my poundcakes in my old , reliable metal pans . i tried to use this a few times , spraying every nook and cranny with baker 's secret release spray . without fail , each time the cake stuck to the pan in a few places .
0 loved it until it broke almost right away ! . i loved the way the vortex digital heater heated and the way it kept cool to the touch . but within a week , the one i had started cutting off when it hit the set temperature and did not come back on . i was worried that it was overheating all the time and called vortex who told me i could send it in at my expense and pay $ 15 to fix it . i emailed my amazon seller ( louise at pinnacle packaging ) who was wonderful and paid to have it sent back to her , and is going to refund my money . i think i am going to buy another one only i am going to purchase it from a local store and make sure i can bring it back if the new one does the same thing . i guess i am a sucker but i really liked the way the thing worked when it worked correctly
0 stiff sheets . good size , good color but way too stiff .i washed these 5 times with no change
0 pb soy yogurts . i miss soy yogurts ! ! ! i 've been used to make soy yogurts in france . i 've bought this yogurt maker . i 've tried several times to make some but it never worked . i 've followed the recipe using plain soy milk and one plain yogurt . has anyone got a recipe for me ? i 'm allergic to lactose ... thank you
0 bulb is weak link . bought this item last christmas for my wife . worked fine until this thanksgiving when rubber bulb split apart when basting turkey . she had complained when i bought this fancy one to replace her old ugly plastic one last year but i insisted this was better . boy am i in trouble now . old plastic one had lasted for 10 years and cost 1/10 as much . did not look like much but it did the job
0 used 10 times . and bit the dust . i use it once a year for 3 days . i 'm estimating it made coffee 10 times . now it wont brew anything but weak coffee . if you fill it to 55 cups it takes about an hour to brew . now it perks for 30 minutes and walla it makes the coffee weak . i was going to call faberware and noticed they charge 95 cents per minute . for what ? like the last guy said it 's an expensive way to make a cup of coffee . it 's a throwaway . so , this time i 'll buy the west bend for 35 bucks and when it stops working i 'll throw it away . at least i wont be thrwing away 150 bucks
0 cuisinart dco-24 die cast can opener . i agree completely with the review by terry gruggen . as she said in her feb review , `` the cutting arm is attached to this indestructible case by an all too flimsy piece of plastic . a little extra pressure on the arm and this plastic attachment shatters ... .leaving you with a $ 49 die cast paper weight . '' despite its rugged looks , the appliance was a real disappointment
0 it will do . not incredibly impressed with it , but it does keep me warm for the price i paid .
0 very bad quality . the way specifications were mentioned it sounded a very good deal , and price comparision made it very promissing , but after getting the item i found item is a trash quality i have ever seen in my life . if someone give me a free item like this i wo n't take it . do n't fall for this deal . i am very disappointed with this item .
0 the ugliest thing i ever saw . i ordered this thinking that i 'd save a bundle , and have a really nice comforter set . not ! the product description promised navy and sage , but it is black and sage . it is the cheapest looking comforter that i have ever seen . i sent mine back yesterday -- i just ca n't let the seller get away with the totally inaccurate description and the deception in claiming that this product was originally $ 200+ dollars
0 i did n't think i had scardy cats . . . after operating the petmate fresh flow cat fountain for a month my 2 cats wo n't go anywhere near it . very disappointing !
0 not `` elite '' . this has been used twice . the first time i used it , it made a great smoothie . i tried to use it this past independence day and the `` pulse '' stopped and started continuously . after a while , something smelled like it was burning . on the bottom , there appears to be lots of specks of metal . do n't think i 'll be buying a new one
0 worked only once ! . i used this smoothie machine once , and it made a nice smoothie . the second time it locked up and i could smell something burning in the motor . i used the exact measurements for liquids and frozen fruit , so i 'm confident i did n't do anything wrong . i sent it back for a refund immediately .
0 bad thermostat and worse customer service . we also bought the fcp12 after years of hearing from satisfied farberware users . unfortunately it only worked about three months until it also made lukewarm , tea - like coffee . i removed the bottom and wiggled the wires and it worked great for another month or so . after a few times of this monkey business , i contacted farberware and was told i had voided my warranty by removing a single nut from the base . the best they could offer was a refurbished unit at half price . shipping would be on me both directions as well , i told them i would not pay any price for another one of their products , based on our experience and their lack of any desire to acknowledge the widespread problem or help to fix it . i am going to try replacing the thermostat , as i like perked coffee , but i am not convinced it will last any longer , time will tell
0 fell apart when i turned it on . i never got to use this item . i turned it on and for some reason the heat seemed transfered to the screws in the hinge . it just fell apart and started smoking . the hinge was very cheaply made . i would not buy this product again .
0 light intermittent household use at best . stainless-steel and die-cast aluminum construction promises performance , but the undersized electric motor limits this slicer to very light intermittent household use . the waring fs800 pro electric food slicer seems to have a barely adequate motor when brand new with a new sharp blade . just think how it will perform when the blade gets a little dull . this is definitely not a professional quality food slicer , it is only a light intermittent duty slicer at best
0 dos n't clean up even in dishwasher . this liner is non-slip which is nice and even home made chocolate chip cookies dont stick but ... .it looks dirty and baking residue is sticking to it even after i have put it in the dishwasher . my other liner is a chef 's planet full size baking sheet non stick bakeliner and while it can slip a bit and dos n't have a `` finished '' edge it dose have the advantage of wipe-down clean up and it arrives in a large sheet that you custom cut to fit any baking sheet ( s ) you will be using it with . do n't buy this liner but do buy the non stick bakeliner from chef 's planet . it 's not as pretty but it works like a charm ! after years of buying expensive parchment paper i 'll never go back . also , it 's less wastfull to use a bake liner instead of disposable baking sheets or parchment paper
0 bad idea if you are thinking cheesecakes . i thought the four 4.5 inch springform pans would be equivalent to one 9.0 inch springform pan . after all , the areas are equal , i.e . 4 * 2.25 * 2.25 * pi == 4.5 * 4.5 * pi . i thought i could use the recipe for a 9-inch cheesecake and have 4 4.5-inch cheesecakes that tasted the same but were a more convenient size for giving as gifts . however , while the areas are the same , the volumes are not . the pans are not deep enough . while a 9-inch springform pan is 3 inches deep , these 4.5-inch springform pans are 1.5 inches deep . therefore , if you use the recipe for a 9 inch cheese cake , you have a lot of batter left over . if you half the recipe , you produce baked goods that taste something like cheesecake but not as dense or as moist or as rich . i was very disappointed in these pans . they may be good for something , but i do n't know what . they are well-made , so i wo n't throw them away , but right now i feel like they were a waste of money
0 no suction and terrible customer service . i used my hoover agility for the first time and the suction quit after 5 minutes . i followed all the trouble shooting instructions and it still did n't work . i called hoover and spoke with a rep who was basically reading out of the manual . i sat on hold for 21 minutes only to hear a manager tell me that they can not give out technical information because it 's against their policy . i guess this is to ensure their hoover service centers get the business . i 'm returning the hoover and never purchasing a hoover again .
0 this is n't silicone ! . the cutting boards are not silicone but have a thin layer of silicone sprayed over one side of another plastic that is not heat resistant . i placed a hot pan on one and it melted onto the bottom of the pan which took a great deal of effort to clean the melted plastic off so the pan could be used again . i prefer a thick cutting board so i bought these thinking that they were heat resistant so i would n't purchase them again
0 not built to last . i bought this back in 1999 , and i love the way it cooks chicken and salmon steaks , but it 's not built to last . first , after about 3 years , the tracks where the door slips onto the bottom broke off due to the screws being too tight , and then the 5th year , the knob broke off , so i have to use pliers to turn it on . it still cooks chicken great , but after trying to superglue the `` feet '' back on and the knob , they broke again right away . cleaning is a pain , and the non-stick stuff got scraped right off . the food tray that goes on top is hard to clean too . do n't try to cook burgers in the basket , because they shrink as the fat drips out , no matter how tight you make the basket , and they start sliding around and falling apart as they hit each other . cooking times were always longer than the cookbook says . i used the skewers once to cook some ribs , and they 're so flimsy , that they kept falling off the spit from the weight of the ribs . i still use it , but i would n't buy a 2nd one after reading all the reviews . i think i 'll try a george foreman one next time
0 does n't last long . i really liked this spatula in the beginning , but after just 6 months of very gentle use its head developed cracks and chipped .
0 poor performance . after thoroughly checking toaster reviews and ratings ( this got top ratings ) , i had to return it after several attempts to get it to produce evenly toasted bread . very disappointing ; my old toastmaster ( much less expensive ) does better .
0 extremely unsatisfied . we have not been able to use the sheets because they are so stiff and rough . they are wrinkled and no matter how many times they are washed they do not soften . the pillowcases are too narrow for our regular size pillows which makes the pillows too high and hard to be comfortable . we are totally dissatisfied and thoroughly disappointed and will be returning them if for no other reason than to get them out of the house . we do like the color , though
0 save your money . i was so excited to buy these sheets as my husband and i have 600 thread count sheets that we love . these , i do not love so much . this is why : 1 . they are increadibly stiff . i washed them 5 times before my first use and even tried vinegar and salt washes to soften them- it did not work . they are , however , softening as we sleep on them . 2 . they are so wrinkley ! ! 3 . they barley fit the bed . the description says that is fits extra deep mattresses but it is a struggle to get them on my bed . i just read consumer reports and they recommend that you buy between 400-600 thread count , they contend more than that is unnecessary for a soft , nice sheet . my 600 thread count sheets are much more soft and have very few wrinkles . dont waste your money , buy something else
0 glasses not available . nice pattern , but you can not find the glasses that go with it
0 fancy , handy but too touchy . this breadmaker is not doing what i want . it is so touchy , you have to be very very precise to be able to cook a reasonable bread loaf . i am not satisfied with the product and will try to return it . also it works very noisy during dough process . look for something else if you want a breadmaker
0 not what i thought it was ... i was very surprised at how large this grill was when it arrived ; way too large for my countertop at least ; it just seemed like more trouble than it was worth ; it seemed easier for me to just broil food in the oven frankly ; i mean the only thing you are going to get from using this grill is the grillmarks on your food ; nothing can duplicate the flavor of cooking on an outdoors grill ; the size turned me off as well as the inconvenience of using the product . it is one of those products that you will use once or twice and then it will end up lost somewhere in your cabinets
0 not worth it . i bought this to simplify making fries , it was a disappointment . it takes a lot of effort to push through a potato , and when it does go through it most likely wo n't go straight . either save your money and use a knife , or spend more and get a mandoline
0 look elsewhere if you plan to make fries . i found the following issues which put this purchase into the local landfill : 1 . ) once you get a successful potatoe to cut through , the ends of the fries are stuck in the thick grids . getting them out is a real pain , you need a lot of careful tugging and wiggling to remove them without breaking them . just a mess . 2 . ) if you are slightly off 90 degrees when you start pushing through the potatoe , you are in a very dangerous zone . think of a lot of force applied to sharp blades that is going in the wrong direction . 3 . ) maybe my set was off tolerance , but the blade would not stay in the housing by itself . i had to hold the blade in the housing and push it on the potatoe simulateously . not a big deal , but that for me sealed the 1-star rating . i guess the bottom line is , if you expect nothing out of it , you might use it , or if you are slicing something softer than potatoes . for me , i 've decided to get one of those vollcraft units . it 's on order
0 disappointed . after cooking eggs this morning and having a layer of egg stuck to the whole pan , i 'm sad to say that my non-stick pan sticks . we 've had this pan for maybe 8 months and i just assumed that pans lasted for several years . we even bought this pan plus the 8 '' for my mother-in-law for christmas . what a disappointment . better begin research on a new pan ... and i 'll make sure to read the reviews .
0 buyer beware ! . when i first bought this pan i was replacing a pan from a moderately priced set from costco . that pan lasted about 3 years and i got my money 's worth . the positive review from america 's test kitchen is what pointed me in this direction . the farberware pan was a joy to use when i first bought it and i loved the even heat . all of the positive comments are accurate at first . the problem is it only lasted 3 months before it lost it 's nonstick properties almost completely . i never used spray on oil or subjected it to high heat . i was always very meticilous about the way i cleaned it and never touched the surface with anything but plastic . i even bought a special soft plastic cleaning brush so as to be very delicate with the surface . i have been using nonstick skillets since they first came out many years ago . with the exception of one ultra cheapo model i have never had a nonstick that had its nonstick go bad so quickly . of course i can send this back to farberware but it seems clear that if it has lost it 's nonstick properties they only have to say it was my fault . why waste $ 10 in shipping costs ? this is my last farberware product . after writing this first part of the review i thought it would only be fair to email farberware to let them respond . after doing some googling i have found that there is no email . it is also basically impossible to get someone on the phone . they sold their warranty service to a different company , all american lighting in berwick , pa. as it turns out this company gets terrible feedback for their service . if this is n't really farberware what exactly is their incentive to provide good service ? you can check on consumeraffairs dot com and other places and you 'll get an eyeful . buyer beware
0 caution -- they do n't warn you about a major problem . after your pan starts sticking , you go to their web site to complain and you find ... . a warning that you ca n't use high heat on this pan . they warn you if you use high heat or some sprays , the pan will then start to stick . yes , you 've just been ... .. and you paid $ 40 for the privilege . imagine , a frying pan that does n't like heat . how much heat ? they do n't tell you . if your pan is sticking , then it must have been toooo much . buy at your own risk
0 buyer beware . if you are planning to purchase anything from getapc.com , the markeplace vendor selling this item , beware . i purchased the delonghi 5-quart mixer based on product description and customer reviews but found that it did not perform as expected . it froze up kneading a 2-loaf batch of whole grain bread . the design is beautiful and the mixer is probably good for non-artisan breads , but should you have any problems with it , you 'll have to stay on the vendor to get any kind of response . i am still waiting for a refund on the product after 2 weeks . the last message i got was that `` it may take a bit longer . '' so be sure this is what you want before you buy it . returning it is not easy . and getapc.com charges a $ 60 reshelving fee on top of the shipping you 'll have to pay to send it back . my markeplace experience has been very frustrating . i wo n't buy through the marketplace again . if amazon.com or getapc.com processes my refund in the next day or two , i 'll feel better and will edit my review , but for now , buyer beware
0 the thermometer is only as good as the probe . i purchased this product 4 years ago and have replaced the probe three times for about $ 7 each . the latest probe just malfunctioned . i really loved it at first ... perfectly roasted chickens , loin roasts , and turkeys . oddly enough , the thermometer works great but the probe itself is n't designed to handle much time in the oven . if you like to roast your chickens in a hot 400 degree oven , the probe will eventually stop working or will become completely unreliable . even at lower temperatures , the heat finally takes its ' toll ... it just takes longer for it to happen . one would think that something designed to be left in the oven would be able to take the heat . i will buy yet another probe because when this thing is working , it is great . that is worth $ 7 a year for me ... .but not for everyone . per another reviewers advice , i am calling polder
0 poor reliability . this unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months . not recommended
0 not very good . when it worked it worked well . however , eight months into this -- and i only have used it maybe 6 or 8 times , it 's broken . i have not done anything to it , and one day the the display is just messed up . i can see a line here and there , but nothing else . replacing the battery did not help and polder 's website offers no information such as warranty information . it is defintely not worth $ 30
0 do n't buy this model . honeywell screwed up ! . i bought this air cleaner in march of 03 and was pleased with the thing until it just stopped working in january 04 . there was no indication that anything was amiss , i was changing the pre-filters on the recommended schedule and then one morning nothing ; no lights , no sound , no activity . am sending it back to honeywell ( on my nickel according to their warranty policy ) . we will see how long the replacement lasts . i have read several reviews here that do n't give me much hope . amazon was nice , said i needed to contact honeywell directly but suggested i post a review
0 broken item . i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund
0 bought two , both cracked . i purchased this as a christmas gift in early december . it did n't ship until february , which was okay . by then i liked the way it looked so much , i bought one for myself . they both arrived within a week of one another . both boards were treated with heated food grade oil and allowed to sit and soak it in . after wiping off the oil , my board had surface cracks , where the oil had pulled some of the glue out from between the bamboo pieces . within the first month of use , both boards developed cracks all the way through them . both boards were never soaked in water , but just wiped with a damp cloth . this board may be beautiful , but it quickly became unusable and a waste of money . now i 'm looking for a good hardwood cutting board . ( i 've already replaced the gift board with another . ) all in all , this fiasco of a cutting board has cost me around $ 150 ... and i have yet to replace my board
0 pricing error . this item is priced wrong it is not in line with the other calphalon item
0 krups is king . considering all the bells and whistles on the coffeemaker itself , ( all excessive , by the way ) the carafes have much to be desired . it seems as if they are made with spun sugar . extremely fragile , awkward handle and like a comment already listed , i too have replaced the carafe twice ... making three so far . my krups carafe of 10 years is still intact . if they still made the filters , i would still be using that machine . the cuisinart coffee bean container is hard to clean , still maintains rancid oils and leaves an oil slick on the top of the coffee . the carafe is poor at best
0 not worth the money . purchased this , expecting better functionality . sure it does n't rust , but my $ 5 wustoff pealer works much better
0 chips the knife edge ! . this sharpener seemed to work well , but that was before i noticed it was putting chips in the edge of the knife
0 the worst food processor ever . this chopper , if you can call it that , is terrible . i 've tried chopping all kinds of foods from veggies to fruit to nuts to cheese . i 've tried filling up the bowl , half full and barely anything at all . it does n't chop . plain and simple it just does n't chop the food . i 've had pieces of vegetables get stuck on the blade . then , i 'd have to stop and remove the piece and try again . it started to chop a little a couple of times , but then just stopped and the blade kept spinning while chopping nothing . it was horrible and i 've opted now for a bigger 7 cup kitchen aid or cuisinart processor based on reviews here . lesson learned , you get what you pay for
0 very disappointing . i was so excited at the prospect of having a 3-cup mini chopper . i thought it would be ideal for hummus , which i hate to scrape out of my blender . however , it was very disappointing . on either speed , it just seems to chop what is in the center , so the stuff on the inside stays on the inside and the outside stuff stays on the outside -- unchopped . if i wanted to take the lid off every two seconds and move everything around , i 'd use the blender , no ? i nearly pureed some red pepper , trying to get it all chopped . i have a 2 cup mini chopper ( procter-silex , i think ) that is really much better at consistent chopping . i never had to take the top off of it . unfortunately , the bowl got warped in the dishwasher ( even though it claimed to be dishwasher safe ) and the lid does not fit tightly now , making an occasional mess with liquids and crumbs . still , even warped , i find myself using the old one instead of this new one -- it is really that bad !
0 the worst can opener i ever bought . openning a dog food can is nearly impossible without at least 6 or 7 tries to get the blade to catch . i bought it ; i regret the purchase ; i threw it out . this really hurts the cuisinart image
0 ok quality , not much of an edge . dont plan on cutting anything you need a sharp knife for . other than that , it 's ok
0 nice oven , lousy toaster . this is a very nice small oven , but as a toaster it really drives me up the wall . as someone else said , three knobs to adjust just to make toast ! then you have to stand there and watch it and the toast still burns ! i will keep this to use as an oven , but tomorrow i am going out and buy a nice small toaster . and guess what it will not be an oster product . this is the last of their products i shall ever purchase . joh
0 poor quality . ugly and cheap looking wife hated them now using as rags to wash the ca
0 just plain terrible . these towels are very poor quality ! i guess i can use them to dry off my dogs . if you really want cheap almost see through towels these are the ones for you
0 terrible quality . the coating does not last - extremely poor durability . i 've been very careful with this pan , using only wood or plastic utensils and washing by hand only . did n't matter - within just a few uses , the coating flaked off and the edges on the underside are rusting . waste of money
0 if you like to eat teflon . i received two of these baking sheets for christmas last year ; by march , 1/3 of the teflon was gone in spots . by july , it was coming off in sheets when washed . these never went through the dishwasher ; always hand washed . i threw them away and purchased baker 's secret which seems to be satisfactory so far
0 nonstick finish flakes off . i would never buy this product again . the finish came off almost immediately . do n't waste your money
0 nonstick coating flakes off . i really loved this baking sheet when i first got it , so i was supremely disappointed when the nonstick coating began flaking off , essentially rendering it unusable . i may have gotten a bad batch or something . the product has a lifetime warantee and i do intend to send it back in , but wanted to let folks know about my experience
0 rust on knives . have been using the set for less than a month . rust has started to form on the knives just where the blades are fused to the handles - right at the seams . looks like rust starts from the inside of the handle . unless design is changed , do n't know how replacement knives will be any different . too bad since knives are sharp and set is designed beautifully
0 functional , but they get knife marks . i bought these plates after i already had the rest of the matching dishes . i already knew that i was not pleased with them but had to complete my set of dishes and will have to tolerate them as long as they last . they are really sturdy and go with everything but they get the 'knife-marks ' - grey scratch marks from utensils scraping them . i imagine that there are white dishes out there somewhere that are not subject to this flaw , and if there are i hope to find them , but these are not them
0 there are only 4 programming options ! . i thought this was the answer to my crock-pot prayers ! i received it for christmas and was heart broken to realize that you can choose high for 4 or 6 hours or low for 8 or 10 hours . ( look at the product image enlarged ) most things i cook take 6 hours on low ! i occasionally have something that needs 8 hours but most of the time it is 6 to 7 hours . unfortunately , if it does n't do the time you need , it is completely useless . you would have to be home to turn it off or down . so i returned it and am making do with my select brands corningware programmable , ( it does n't do 6 hours on low either ) and a regular 3 quart . i just make it home in time or i do n't cook it
0 not as easy as it looks or they say . i found this sealer to be difficult to use . it is very difficult to get a good vacuum seal due to the clumsy method of putting the bags in a nozzle . extreme pressure is needed to hold down and lock the top in order to create the vacuum and seal the bag . if you let up on the pressure , the vacuum seal is broken . i returned mine and would never buy another rival sealer product again
0 do not buy . i accidentally ruined my father 's old baking stone so i bought this on for him to replace it . everything sticks to it ! we thought maybe it just needed to be seasoned a bit before it stopped sticking . we 've had it for over a month and we use it at least four times a week and it continues to make a mess out of anything we bake on it . that 's not even the worst of it . it puts out a disgusting smell in the oven . just last night we used it and had to sit it in the garage and open up the entire house because we all had headaches and our eyes burned from whatever fumes it was releasing . i definitely do not recommend this item .
0 not what i expected . i thought that 1200 thread count meant really soft ... ..while these sheets are really thick , they feel like sand paper . if you 're looking for soft sheets , do n't buy these .
0 dirty water drips back onto carpet . even though i cleaned the machine between each empty and fill , if i did not have white carpet i would not have known this machine leaks the dirty water back onto the carpet . i had to shampoo the carpet two more times to remove the extra spots left in the carpet . a second time with detergent to remove the spots and then immediately with a rinse only cycle . my second gripe is the clean and dirty water reservoirs are in the same small space . i had to change it out about every 10 minutes . the machine gets one star for the dual brushes which i think are a positive for this machine . unfortunately , that was not enough for me to keep it . it would have been cheaper for me to hire someone to come in and steam clean my carpet considering the fact i had to clean it three times and this carpet is in a low traffic area . i 've had a hoover for 8-10 years and will look to see what new machines hoover has on the market .
0 one of the worst products i have ever seen . the v2 is one of the worst built appliances ever especially at about $ 250 . without exaggeration i have been back to the parts dealer about 10 times for replacement of the front suction piece ( breaks ) , a number of times for the clear water and soap dispenser assembly . it seems to fall apart , leak , and requires constant attention . i now have to go to have a repair of the brushes - they do n't rotate . and this is with use maybe once a month . frankly , i 'd be embarrassed to manufacture and sell a product with such miserable ( and expensive ) quality
0 stainless - not ! . these were sent instead of the black-handled set i ordered so i thought i would give them a try . they are listed as `` dishwasher safe '' , but evidently are not . brown stains ( rust ? ) appeared on the tops of all the handles . i cleaned them with silver polish , but the stains reappeared with subsequent washings . i have returned them and received a refund
0 bad quality - a review after long term use . i brought t-fal pans from my local sam 's club wearhouse , and initially , the pans worked great . this is my review after about 1.5 years of use : 1. the handle on the lid ( plastic ) broke after about a year . 2. the non stick coating began to crack from regular use in about about 6 month , and it got so bad that i tossed the pan out in about a year and half . 3. the handle broke twice on me and for both time i super glued them back on . on the third time , i just tossed them out and got an expensive anolon titanium non-stick set . 4. the pan is not made of aluminum and there are `` hot / cold '' spots on the pan . the hot / cold spot is caused by uneven distribution of heat . a good pan , generally with copper or aluminum core will evenly distribute heat . this pan does not . bottom line : do not use this pan in the oven eventhough the instruction said up to 400 degrees . the handle will and did crack on me for 3 times with occasional oven use . the pan is thin , and does not distribute heat well . and the worst : the non-stick coating is a joke . i found out that it 's actually cheaper to get a expensive set and use it for like 10 years instead of getting a cheap set for a third of the price and replace it every 2 years or less . not recommended .
0 bodom glasses . after very little use one of the glasses inner lining broke and is unusable
0 it 's a `` dribbler '' ... . i liked the mug 's look , feel , and size . then i took a drink of java from this mug ... i never could get a lip lock on this mug . the rim is very thin and very wide . it would always spill a couple of drops on my shirt . nissan mugs have what i call a `` lip ledge '' that prevents the `` dribble '' effect to which the bodum is prone . nissan mugs also have a much smaller diameter rim which also makes drinking from them less hazardous to my white shirts
0 bread pans . this product did not even approach what was described . a bagutte pan needs to have a decent-sized curvature so a bagutte shape will be obtained . this pan would have produced a fairly flat loaf
0 i am so dissapointed . i am really dissapointed with this bread machine ! i had a panasonic 1 lb . breadmaker which i loved -- but wanted a machine with a bigger loaf capacity . never had any problems with the smaller panasonic , and received the oster 5838 fo christmas and have had nothing but bad experience -- how many times do you have to experiment with the thing to get a good loaf of bread -- like the panasonic , you should be able to follow the instructiona and get a good loaf of bread ! ! we also gave 2 of these for gifts -- and really feel bad as they are a pain -- all 3 are going back !
0 return ! ! ! . it 's just bad looking plastic . if you want expresso buy nespresso machine with capsules
0 boils fast but this is a flawed kettle . well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking . the copper does , indeed , boil water fast ; and that 's the job of a kettle , i admit . however , the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you 're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle . as you tilt the kettle to pour , you 're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers . it 's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst . while you learn how to not get scalded , this kettle is always at least slightly irritating . there are better kettles around
0 hamilton beach 40616 perculator does n't last . my wife and i purchased the 40616 hamilton beach perculator at k-mart . after only 8 months of service the perculator would not keep the coffee hot -- only luke warm.k-mart refused to do anything about the problem because they only warranty the coffee pot for 90 days . this should give you an idea of what k-mart thinks of the quality of the hamilton beach 40616 perculator.when i called hamilton beach customer no-service i was told to send in the cord from the coffee pot and a check for $ 9.95 and they would replace their defective equipment . the $ 9.95 is 25 % of the original price of the perculator so i will decline their offer . if their perculator only last for 8 months i do n't even want to pay the $ 9.95 to get a new one . i feel that it should have been replaced for free ! in their warranty booklet they tell you that the 40616 perculator has a limited 2-year warranty but that is only if you are willing to pay $ 9.95 to ship their defective equipment back to them . because of this experience with the hamilton beach 40616 coffee perculator i will never purchase any hamilton beach equipment in the future.i will also not purchase anything else from k-mart
0 a bad choice . i feel it was an unlucky day when i bought this pot . as careful as i tried to be , it was extremely difficult to tell if i had correctly placed the stem ( with basket ) in the pit . it had to be by `` feel , '' and half the time it was apparently a hair 's breadth off and would not perk . or it would perk enough so that the light went on but that the coffee grounds were hardly wet . it was also difficult to correctly jam the plug into the pot . a hair 's breadth off and again it would n't perk . so each day became a guessing game as to whether today would be the day i got real coffee instead of cold water or damp coffee grounds . i am returning to my old friend , the farberware fc280 . it may or may not last more than a year but at least i can depend on it
0 dont buy this item . not much to say about this item it sucks . very thin and cheap made . does not seal at all and does not keep the bread freah this is the worst product i have every got from amazon .
0 watch the handle ! . i agree with the previous reviewers . the style is quite sleek and the ceramic , earthen material eliminates the metallic taste of the water . however , the handle is a huge problem and you have to be extremely careful when pouring the pot . i made a hot of tea only filling 1/2 way full and put pouring it the handle can apart from the kettle and smash went the kettle , leaving me standing with only the handle in my hand . thankfully i was pouring this over the sink or i would 've suffered quite a burn . buyer beware
0 awful . why would anyone want pots that ca n't be used on high heat , ca n't be washed in the dishwasher or ca n't be scoured for fear of removing their anodized finish . my calphalon professional pots were very expensive and it makes me sick that they have preformed so poorly . i have noticed that many of the positive reviews were by people who have n't owned these pots for long i am a real cook and use my pots several times a day , i need them to work , not just look good and this cookware is ridiculously tempermental . after leaving them on the heat too long , just once , they warp . food sticks easily to them and they are very hard to clean because you ca n't use steelwool or abrasive pads . after a guest put one in a dishwasher by mistake , the pot finish was ruined , and i had aluminum coming off on my food . i am someone who takes good care of my things , and it is impossible to clean these well without removing the finish . i had taken some comfort in the `` lifetime '' warantee , i tried to return them , but the warantee , like this cookware is absolutely useless
0 knife broke the first day i received it ! . i just received this knife yesterday and amp ; am sending it back for a refund . upon first use , the forked metal tip broke off when i was chopping tomatoes for a salad . it took me a few moments to notice the lost tip ( as it had ended up in the salad i was preparing . ) could have been very dangerous to swallow a sharp metal tip ! the knife itself is flimsy , ca n't imagine that it could cut a bagel very well
0 could work better . i folowed the instructions and found that the coffee was very weak so i experimented with differint grinds and filter no filter . i found not useing the paper filter and grinding the coffee expresso and stoping the water when it starts to look pale makes a med . strong cup . a lot of work for a decent cup . i still think that my old krups drip makes a great cup . i will keep trying other alternets to the pods becous there very expensive . i am waiting for some one to start manufacturing a home pod maker . that you can fill and seel at home
0 not as good as the ecopods . i have had the blue ecopods for well over a year now . ilove the taste of the coffee and it does give a fair amount of foam but hard to clean . i saw the presto mypod and leaped to try it . the coffee overfills the cup making it too weak and no room for creamer . there is absolutely no foam . i got hooked on the senseo foam . we will use it in a pinch but only on the 1 cup setting with 1 1/2 scoops
0 more of a toy than actual need . i thought that this would actually be something that i would need when i registered for this for my wedding . but this is more of a toy for the kitchen than something that you will actually use . sure kids might like to use it when they cook , but in all the time that i have owned one , i have only used it once . its more of a hassle because you have to clean it out afterwards . you are better off without it
0 painful . it may work o.k . for melons , but the handle is extremely uncomfortable and ackward to grip when attempting to scoop ice cream . in addition , the shape of the scoop bowl makes it difficult to get a full scoop of ice cream
0 overflows consistently . i bought this coffee maker to match my kitchenaid blender and coffee gridner . the coffee maker is attractive but works terribly . if you make more than 1 or 2 cups it overflows hot coffee onto the counter top . there is almost always grounds in the coffee too . when i called kitchenaid customer service they said they made a revision to fix the problems and sent me another one . it has the same problems . this is not user error i have tried different coffees , grinds , and positioning the carafe differently . this coffee maker is just a distrastrous design mistake . finally i got kitchenaid to buy the coffee maker back and got a cuisinart one . it works perfectly , costs less , and has more features . i would recommend cuisinart and highly recommend that you do not buy this shoddy coffee maker - you will regret it .
0 disappointing piece of junk . i have several other kitchen aid appliances and they are all great - solid , hefty machines that do superior work , the type of items kitchen aid has built a reputation on . so that is why i bought this coffee maker ( actually i have the previous model before this `` update '' ) . boy , howdy ! was i blind-sighted ! the quality of the housing is no better than a mr. coffee for 1/4 the price , and i too , have experienced the leaking problems like other reviewers have noted . and on mine , the spring that keeps the shut off unit down while you take the pot off the machine to have that first cup while it is still brewing - well , it decided to not do it 's job only after about a month of owning it . the unit leaks coffee as if that is what it was designed to do . hey , kitchen aid engineers - do you read these amazon reviews ? if you do , then go back to the drawing board and make a coffee maker that is in line with your other products ! and give those of us that bought your previous junk a full credit trade in to upgrade to it once it is available ! how hard is it to make a good coffee maker ? my grandma 's early 70 's mr. coffee is still perking strong - what an embarassment to kitchen aid . nuff ' said
0 the unit did n't power on ! . i got this on sale from targets for $ 35 . eagerly i plugged in the unit , turned the variable dial to maximum steam , and increased the digital dial to 7 . and then i waited , and waited , and waited , for 10 minutes . the iron never warmed up , let alone hot enough to iron anything . i ca n't say this is a bad product , but surely i got a non-working unit
0 nearly caught on fire , ruined my shirt . this iron worked splendidly for over year before almost catching on fire while i was using it . i was pressing a shirt when suddenly the led display on the iron shut off and started beeping repeatedly . i smelled smoke and the handle was hot to the touch . i lifted the iron off my shirt to discover a dark scorch mark on my brand new shirt ! i do not recommend this iron -- you risk burning your clothes
0 disappointing product . both pads `` burned '' on the backside the first time i used them . they are still serviceable , but the `` burned '' areas are hard . they were used in a normal kitchen -- no blow torches
0 worst product i ever bought . be careful to buy products from compact appliance . they will not be responsible if the product is defective from the manufacturer . there is no return . you better think more than twice before you buy from compact appliance . they have the worst customer service including the manufacturer edgestar . i agreed completely with the previous customer review that it is hard to get in touch with edgestar customer service , which has the worst product i ever bought .
0 great for a week then junk . box arrived damaged . opened product , scratched on front , dirty on the inside . after i cleaned it up it worked great for a week then `` poof '' . no power at all . thought i may have ran it too much so i left it unplugged for 24 hours then plugged it back in and nothing . additionally customer service for edgestar is terrible . i have left 10 voicemails and sent approx 14 e-mails back and forth with their customer service ( haha ) reps and still have made zero progress . buy with caution
0 would like it if it ever arrived in one piece ! . i ordered this cake plate and dome for my mother , shortly before thanksgiving of 2002 . the first time it arrived , after 3 weeks , it was in about 1,000 pieces . the ups driver realized that upon delivery and returned the item . when it was sent the second time , which was n't until around christmas , it arrived with the handle to the dome broken off . so , long story short , no cake plate for mom ! amazon.com should really examine how they pack items like this
0 nice idea - failed implementation . i wanted to like this toaster . it looks nice , seems sturdy enough , and stays cool to the touch . but it toasts poorly . one side of the bread toasts more than the other . so i have to pop up the toast 1/2 way through and turn it over . and now the pop up mechanism is n't working well
0 bagels yes , bread , no . if you prefer having bread that is toasted on both sides look elsewhere for a toaster . even when it is not on the bagel `` setting '' it does not do any more than barely warm one side of bread . in addition if you are looking for a blue toaster ( how i wound up with this one despite the warnings about its inefficiency ) do n't buy this one -- it looks nothing like the picture on the internet . it is purple , so not only does it perform poorly it looks terrible in my blue/gray kitchen . i expected more from a kitchenaid product and if i could return a used toaster ( albeit only 3 times ) i certainly would .
0 bad quality plastic . as soon as i opened it and tried to remove the lid for cleaning , it broke ! no instructions provided on how to remove , replace the removable parts
0 this fan is a piece of junk . i finally gave up after trying three of the hunter fans and got my money back . even on the lowest speed , this thing rattles , shakes , and groans . i own five hunter ceiling fans , which are great . this fan does n't deserve the hunter nameplate
0 cookware is fine , but bonus item still not here . i like the cookware . solid as calphalon always is , if you follow the link on the bonus item , it shows a 1-2 day availability . today is dec 26 , ordered on nov 9 . still waiting for the bonus .
0 overrated ! . i had older 500 thread count sheets that were better , lighter , smoother . these feel like 200 thread count sheets . complete waste of money
0 stopped working . this fork thermometer would have been great if it had lasted more than 3 usages . no way to notify the manufacturer to find out `` why '' the fork quit working . it 's still useful as a meat fork , but not as a thermometer . very disappointing and a bit expensive to be used only as a fork .
0 warning ! ! ! do n't buy t-fal . i bought t-fal 's top of the line avantis iron even though i only have light ironing to do . it broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . t-fal would not stand behind it . i wrote to them several times . they insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact i had the charge on my american express bill . they had no technical advise either . read other amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! i 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . avoid this turkey and this company . i 'll never buy another t-fal product and neither should you
0 cleaning nightmare . a normal coffee maker requires a quick rinse ; this machine requires a wash , rinse and a thorough drying of the grinding unit . you ca n't just rinse the grinding unit because the fine coffee grounds need to be washed out . if it was n't for the fact that we spent nearly $ 100 for this unit , i would throw it away . save your money - do n't buy it
0 very disappointed . a friend bought a food saver by tilia and told me that it would be wonderful for storing my bulk shopping in the freezer . i saved for it and got it . i used it a total of 10 times and not for long periods of time and it literally died . i sent it back to the factory asking for a refund and they refused and sent me a refurbished one in return - they will not refund your money on the poor quality items they sell . just be careful and do not let this happen to you - tilia looks much better on tv than it performs in real life .
0 bottom drawer a waste . the top portion of the freezer works great . the bottom drawer portion sounded great - no more digging to see what 's at the bottom . the reality is that the bottom drawer is only useful as overflow from my refrigerator . i do n't put anything in that part that i 'm not willing to store at regular refrigerator temperatures . it 's a disappoinment
0 haier dual compartment freezer . the product is an average product , do not think it is a top seller , another retailer has the same item cheaper.. the delivery and customer service is the wrost i have ever experienced ... . would not order this item again with the poor delivery .
0 suitable for hard cheeses only . the holes are really small . this grater is suitable for hard cheeses like romano , but forget using it for a softer cheese like cheddar .
0 this item does not work . this product simply does not work . the vacuum is so weak that it does not preserve the wine , even for a day . i have used a vacuvin for many years and it is a far superior product at a far lower cost . we bought this item because it appeared to be easier to pump than the vacuvin -- and it is . the reason : it does n't preserve the wine . i am seeking a return and refund , either through amazon or metrokane
0 beautiful but not reliable . i honestly liked the blender a lot . i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen 's kitchenaid appliances -- range , refrigerator , dishwasher , pretty much everything other than the toaster oven . at the time , there could be no better blender . it looked great . it promised professional performance . it had kitchenaid 's brand and durability behind it . i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie . there is some amount of ice crushing required , but that should n't be an issue . i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user . so , 3 years after i got the blender , i went to turn it on and it is completely dead -- no light on the on button . changed outlets and still nothing . it 's done . what an incredible dissappointment . but , it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool ( ? ) . first , my dishwasher broke ( 3 repair jobs ) then my stand mixer 's seals are loose . i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing , i got no where . the fridge has minor issues ( loose rails , pieces not refitting ) and is probably the best of the lot . i did some research . apparently , kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products . so , realistically , there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they do n't make much of anything . everything is just a re-branded product . whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it . from a once kitchenaid loyalist , avoid this product -- yes it 's beautiful but it 's not going to last . avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
0 mine broke after two uses . mine broke and started smoking while i was making hummus ( not even something tougher like ice ) . kitchenaid wo n't fix it . there are many much cheaper but nicer ones on the market
0 broken after 18 months- ka refused to fix . i find that such a well-known brand would have a longer warranty than 12 months . my blender broke ( it was the `` coupler '' ) after about 18 months of use . i emailed ka about it and all they did was give me two repair shops where i could pay to have it fixed . both repair shops are more than one hour away . they also offered me [ ... ] off a `` refurbished '' blender . gee ... what service . you 'd think they 'd at least work with me since the blender was n't even 2 years old . for [ ... ] i went out and bought a cuisinart and that comes with a 3 year warranty . ka blender was not worth my [ ... ] . it never blended fruit all the way , either ; it always left chunks of bananas
0 just a regular mattress pad . my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem . it did n't at all . it does n't seems like it does anything for me either . it just feels like a normal mattress pad . not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
0 its ok . i just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom . however , after using it several times , i would choose a different grill because of the following reasons : # 1 the spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up . # 2 there is no option of purchasing a lid # 3 the pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter . thus , somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot
0 tried of the rust ! . we 've had 3 sets in just over 1-1/2 years . return policy is great but it 's a hassle . ca n't oneida make silverware that does n't rust ? i 'm going to try a different brand
0 not up to par . i have numerous le creuset items , and this has to be the worst one . everything sticks to the finish . salsbury steak turns out horrible ( ca n't make gravy ) , breakfast sausage patties become ground sausage pieces due to the sticking . and , like mentioned in an earlier post , it is hard to clean . beware this new finish , ( they have it on their grill pans also ) it is not up to par
0 not happy with this pan . i 'm a huge fan of le cruest 's products and own a few well chosen pieces . having said that , this new satin finish is a disappointment . i was given this a gift a year ago and was thrilled - until i used it . i really wish they 'd go back to their original smooth enamel finish . this must be an attempt to produce an interior more durable for using metal utensils with . an attempt that in my opinion is a failure . things ( like eggs and hamburgers ) stick to this finish . you have to use a lot more fat to prevent sticking . it 's hard to get clean , takes quite a bit of scrubbing even after soaking . it does n't give the finish to grilled meats , etc that i want from a fry pan . forget deglazing it to make a sauce . i find my all clad 9 inch skillet to be a superior performer to this one . since this is a 9 inch skillet , i have n't used it to saute onions , etc. , so i ca n't say how it performs with these items . i do use it to make cornbread and to roast small portions of meats or veg in the oven , with good results ( as long as i 'm not going to use the browned bits to make a sauce ) . this to me though , is not enough uses to justify buying it .
0 do n't buy this one ! ! ! ! ! ! . door advance feature broke after several weeks . lower heating element broke after six months . customer service refused to stand behind the product , stating that the warranty was expired . note to buyer- warranty is one year from time of manufacture- not the date you actually receive it as a gift or purchase it . the knobs on the unit are like a child 's toy- cheap and plastic . this is a highly disappointing product- i doubt we will buy another delonghi product again
0 2 dead on arrival - giving up . the second one came today . it is also dead on arrival . do not bother with this one
0 kitchenaid coffee maker . i , too , own several kitchenaid products and have been delighted with previous products . when i needed a new coffee maker , i decided to switch brands to kitchenaid based on prior history with the company . however , this is the worst coffee maker i 've ever owned , including cheaper models . i 'm now on my second coffee pot after kitchenaid sent me a new one when the one i ordered failed . while the company has been more than understanding , i hesitate to call again because i do n't even want another one . getting my money back should n't lie with the hands of the seller i purchased it from . here 's the problem . after a week of use , the water and grounds kept spilling over and coffee was not draining into the pot , saturating the electric plate and my kitchen floor . when i could get it just right ( standing there holding the carafe in place ) , the coffee tasted burnt . i thought i had a defective product , but the new one is starting to do the same thing . the carafe does not stay in place and slides forward when placed on the electric plate ( until there is enough coffee dispensed . the coffee carafe is supposed to push ( when it 's in the right place ) on the plastic piece that releases the coffee . it 's a design problem . it 's definitely cheaply made . i have to stand next to my coffee maker as it 's brewing to make sure the coffee is dripping . believe me , i would n't have bothered writing this if i did n't think it might save someone else the headaches . buy something else ! it 's not worth the hassle .
0 looks great - tastes mediocre . i 'm usually a big fan of kitchenaid appliances and i own a proline coffee grinder , which is excellent . but , i could not get a good full-flavored cup of coffeee out of this machine . i usually brew 4 cups at a time . they have a setting for 1-4 cups , but the coffeee still turned out slightly weak and slightly bitter . i returned it and will try something else
0 very tasty , very big mess ! ! . i love kitchenaid products , but this one failed miserably ! ! the taste of the coffee is excellent , but there were grounds and coffee everywhere . the pause n serve feature works as it brews ! ! i do n't think that was the intention though . when i called the company the not so brilliant guy told me that they hear this all the time on this model and that you just have to push the coffee maker in far enough so that the pause n serve feature is n't activated ... well , unless we put a heavy ceramic bowl in front of the carafe to hold the pot in place we have coffee soup all over our counter and floor . my husband and i love coffee and we like it strong ! we feel coffee is very important to survival in our home as we have 5 kids and this helps us stay alive and energetic for the 48 hours a day we care for them ! ! my strong advice ... do n't but this model . though kitchenaid is a great product and i have never had problems with any of their other lines , this one should be junked ! we are returning ours !
0 faulty electronics . the salesclerk told us that because of previous model recalls , that the new kitchenaid was sure to be a huge improvement , especially with it 's price tag . we 've tried 2 models and both had problems with error messages . the manual 's suggestions do nothing to eliminate this . also , we 've had the same trouble with coffee spewing out . for the price tag , this is a seriously disappointing coffee maker . we finally took it back and are on the look out for a better quality model ( not kitchenaid ) . oddly enough , our other kitchenaid appliances ( range and fridge ) have also had electronic problems . i wonder what the quality control is on the parts that are being cheaply manufactured , no doubt , in some overseas location . i would n't recommend kitchenaid to anyone , regardless of the nice styling and supposed high-quality .
0 never received this item . ordered it in october , now it 's january 8th ! i give up
0 water and steam everywhere ! . this krups espresso maker leaves water and steam all over the counter every time it is used . i think the `` built in safety '' features are to blame . the finer the grind , the more water leaked out . keep in mind that fine grinds are recommended for espresso and cappuccino . using a coarse grind , which is usually only used for cowboy coffee out on the trail or french press machines , i still get quite a bit of leakage . using finer grinds produces more and more leakage leaving only about half a carafe of extremely strong espresso which is indeed more like cowboy or french press coffees . -i enjoy cowboy coffee but would prefer espresso from my espresso machine plus i hate all the mess . the krups machine i had fifteen years ago worked well but this machine sucks big time . if you do n't want to fork over a lot of bucks for a `` real '' espresso maker , try a mr coffee espresso machine . mine , which i use when i travel , cost less than twenty dollars and does not leak . in the meantime i have ordered a lello 45900 ariete espresso/cappuccino maker to replace the krups . -i 'll keep you postsed . billy bat
0 good idea : bad in reality . i jumped on purchasing this machine when i saw it . i was tired of storing beans in the freezer . i put 4 aa batteries in it and a pound of beans , closed the lid and the sucking sound started ... and it kept going , and kept going , and kept going . i started looking for places to store it so that it would n't wake me up at night or disturb me with it 's annoying hum first thing in the morning . but i did n't have to worry , but the next morning the batteries were dead . i replaced them and within 24 hours they were all dead again ! there is no place to plug it in so you 're stuck with using batteries . i 'm going to try buying rechargables but i do n't know how long i 'm going to want to keep this replacement going ! ! p.s . i found it interesting that after i post my negative review three 5 star reviews appear from people who have no review history and none of them address the battery issue . sur la table , is sending me a new unit but told me that they received an identical complaint about the battery life . be wary . i 'll try to update you
0 it is an expensive toy . i have two roomba 's , after one year of good operation they have been having battery problems . one roomba was returned for refurbishment . they have good customer service , if you pursue them . the newly returned roomba still has battery problems . the housekeeper which was very excited when i bought the roomba now uses the vacuum cleaner .
0 yellow battery took over a month to get to me ! . amazon took over a month in shipping me this roomba battery . it works ok. also the list price is too high on this amazon site .
0 the perfect appliance -- if you have 20 minutes for toast . what a shame that this appliance fails at its sole purpose in life . let 's hope there 's a support group for mediocre toasters
0 pricey for an item that 's $ 19 , is n't it ? . recommended : no . the product is not very durable good things : all in all , this caddy is great because it 's versatile . it 's huge and tall enough so a 12.5 '' round cake that 's about 5 inches high can fit in easily . the locking mechanism is also pretty neat . there 's 3 of them so it makes it very easy to carry without any fuss of the cake dropping on the floor . the handle of the carrier also gives a comfortable grip . carrier is also see through so you 'll notice if the decorations have been messed up during the transporting process . not so good things : not very durable . locking mechanism that holds the base of the carrier may crack making it non portable . this product is susceptible to breakage perhaps because certain stores just have had these items on their shelf for a long time -- that 's only my assumption . plastic should not crack unless it 's placed in extreme temperatures or is abused . should the temperature in the fridge crack a plastic ? very unlikely do n't you think ? the price is also far cry compared to other products sold by discount stores ( i.e linens../wlmrt . other carriers are sold from $ 4- $ 9 . the height is good but it can be problematic when storing it in the fridge , but are n't all cakes difficult to store regardless ? in terms of cleaning the base , you 'll need a brush to really get the bottom cleaned up
0 a workhorse of a coffee pot . a well made no frills percolator . it packs well , is quite simple to use and makes a great cup of coffee . the ideal coffee pot for camping or outdoor use . a superior product compared to the many flimsy coffee pots made for campers
0 piece of garbage . i would have given this no stars but it wo n't let me . this non-stick griddle has more things stick to it than tape . it is simply the worst product i have purchased in a long time . i have this `` non-stick '' griddle for just about a month and it is ready for the trash . the non-stick is coming up on the flat end and the griddle is worthless , it ripped my chicken cutlets to shreds . do n't buy it ! ! ! if you read this and still buy it may you have three horrible meals like i did before it met the old trash can
0 bad fit ... fyi , those of you with square burners will not like this one . it is not stable because of the design , which is clearly meant for round burners .
0 sheets irregular to the extreme . the sheets arrived soft and after washing stayed colorfast but shrunk . they were difficult to get on the mattress
0 ok , the sheets were n't expensive but what a disappointment ! . after one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places . we do n't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides . it 'll have to go in our next garage sale .
0 poor negative pressure . i purchased this about 1 year ago and it 's only taking up space in my house . it has very poor suction on carpeting . works o.k . on hardwood floors but then again most of these will . i expected better force . the small openning may look `` cool '' but it does n't allow for wide enough sweeping area and i find myself going over the same area again and again . also , the charging holder is a little harder to place the unit in . i would consider look at others first
0 disappointing . the convenience tempted me to try this for $ 20 at my local grocery . poorly executed and constructed , the pods were too expensive and bland . will be donating this to charity
0 leaky mess . the coffee maker was working fine as long as i was using the presto mypods with no filter in them.. then , i tried using some pods in the regular pod holder . coffee all over the counter every time.. i suspect that using the pods created back pressure that ruptured something internally . based on the fact then when used as intended it fails miserably , i would have to say that it is an example of shoddy engineering.. junk , garbage , crud btw - if yours is working , i found that the secret to decent tasting coffee was to wash the pod holder ( the presto mypod ) with soap and water every time and throw the pod holders in the dishwasher once in a while . i guess they let some three year olds design the thing on a 'take your kids to work ' day .
0 great coffee , but the machine only works for about 1 month . i am on my third machine now , and it too is leaking . dont get me wrong , the coffee tastes really good , always fresh . but after a while the machine starts to leak when you are making a cup of coffee . i guess the machine only cost 25 bucks now , so if you dont mind only using it for a month it is a great buy
0 very disappointing . i bought this cookie press to make my favorite christmas cookies-spritz . i got the dough into the gun , squeezed the handle , kept squeezing the handle , and nothing . the mechanism that was supposed to push the dough out thru the disk kept slipping , and hence , no cookies . it was very frustrating , having everything ready to make the cookies , but with no way to properly form them . i would not recommend this cookie press
0 took too long to ship , then got wrong color ! . this is a disapointment for me . i ordered these sheets in white , and recieved ivory . ( unlike other reviewers i am not talking about a tinge of ivory , my package said ivory instead of white . ) i would return these sheets , but they are a gift for my mother , and since they took so long to ship , i wo n't have time to get her anything else ! i have never had a bad experience with amazon products , some of the third party sellers could be better , but usually amazon it 's self is pretty good . not in this case ! the sheets do feel nice , and hopefully they work out for my mother , but i am keeping my paperwork and packaging just incase she runs into any problems ! buyer beware : $ 200 dollar sheets for $ 30 is too good to be true
0 jack of all trades , master of none . we purchased the george foreman 8 in 1 with the thought we would get the toaster oven we needed and some other features that would be nice to have . the 8 in 1 does have alot of neat features , the issue is it does n't do any of the features very well . the toaster feature takes about 2 times as long to toast as a smaller , more conventional toaster oven . the rotisserie is difficult to use and the grease catcher woefully inadequate . we found out the hard way when we had chicken grease overflow out of the grill and onto the counter . i can see this being a very good item for those with very small kitchens and in need of saving space , however , be warned that this oven has many shortcomings
0 arrived broken . fiesta scarlet is a beautiful color and the sugar and creamer with tray is really great . mine arrived broken and i had difficulty returning it so i remain disappointed and unwilling to try again .
0 give this one a pass ... definitely not up to typical cuisinart standards . while the roaster is a nicely polished stainless which makes for easy cleanup , it 's relatively thin . in a 400 degree oven , the pan actually bows . look elsewhere for your roaster
0 not for smoothies . i do n't know what the other reviewers of this blender are blending ... but this blender is junk . i have tried twice to make smoothies with it and this blender can not do the job . all of the ingredients just sit there while the only part of the mix being blended is at the very bottom . so , you have to keep stirring and stirring and stirring the mixture to get it all incorporated . and then try adding the crushed ice . this blender is going back . if you need a blender to make smoothies , this is not the model to buy
0 bad delonghi experience . we purchased a delonghi toaster oven and both the toaster and oven functions stopped working right after the one year warranty expired . we barely used this product . when contacting customer service we were told that there were no replacement parts available for our model and there was nothing we could do and nothing they would do for us . my $ 20 toastmaster lasted more than 15 years ! this is the lsat time i buy a toaster based on appearance
0 manufacturing defect . i received the delonghi xr640 toaster oven and was disappointed to find it unuseable . the wire rack inside was such a tight fit , it took 2 hands to pull it out ! after a few times doing this , the enamel finish was starting to come off , which would soon result in rusting metal . i never turned it on , just returned it immediately .
0 piece of junk . i 've been happy with many other kitchenaid products , but this one is pure junk . the pasta roller attachment that kitchenaid also offers is great , but the width of it is so close to the size of this ravioli press , that the edges of the ravioli barely have enough dough to seal - and many of them pop open . it 's worth noting that although this does in fact attach to a standing mixer , it does not use the mixer 's motor . you have to manually turn the crank with your hand . i returned this piece of junk , and bought the villaware v5500 10-square ravioli maker for $ 18 . save yourself some money and do the same
0 it 's ok but a bit fragile . firstly this set arrived with the small lid broken . amazon of course sent a replacement set but then the large lid was broken on that one . i now have my full set however it feels kind of thin and fragile . it 's an ok buy but when the time comes to replace them i 'll be looking for something a bit more durable
0 cuisinart - tough to clean . while the combined grinding and making of the coffee in one unit is a great idea , the mess that it created was a pain to clean up each day . the grounds would get caked in on all three removal parts and each part needed to be cleaned before using again . i had the product three months and it quit working . the good thing is that when we call cuisinart 's 800 number , they told us to just return the item to the store that we purchased it at and we got our money back .
0 oxo great shape measuring cup . i think it is almost a great idea ! it would be super if made of glass . i do n't want to be concerned with material for which i use it ! i would buy a couple if made of glass , otherwise not
0 a short but fruitful life . for approximately six months i owned this knife . i used it everyday as it far outshined my other henkel chefs knife in balance , cutting efficiency and need for regular sharpening . until a few weeks ago when i was peeling a clove of garlic with the knife . lo and behold ... i know have a two inch blade attached to the handle and five inches of steel sitting on the countertop . i am currently looking for other brands of this knife style as i was unhappy with the manufactures complete lack of response regarding my complaint
0 nonstick broiler pan . every time i use the pan is twists as soon as it gets hot . it makes it very difficult to cook on and to move in and out of the oven . the non stick surface comes off very easily too . for the money i expected better ! !
0 this product is horrible ! . i completely agree with the other reviewers . this product is so bad . it warps under the heat , the not-so-non-stick surface peels , and food sticks like glue
0 slow work . i have used the steamer once , and was disappointed at how long it took . the steam comes out weakly and splattered water on the garment several times . i was just trying to take the store creases out of a new pair of lightweight cotton trousers , and it took a lot of going over to get it done . i used to have a small hand steamer that put out a real blast of steam and worked much faster . this one will probably work on heavier material like drapes , but it will take a very long time . i would n't buy it if you plan to use it for anything other than very delicate items , and it seems like a lot of equipment to lug out for that job . a hand unit makes more sense to me , and you would n't have to maneuver that long hose . this is just one more large thing to store . i wish i could return it to wal-mart , but will probably give it away and buy something that is easier to use
0 ca n't imagine anyone liked this thing . i hate to iron and despise the cost of dry cleaning ... so , i was really excited when i saw this steamer at cvs . it was reasonably priced and sounded wonderful . i was bragging about how much i loved this steamer after using it just once ! it was easy and fast ... .then , the second time i used it -- -water everywhere ! water started to spit and spray out of the ( sealed and closed ) base of the steamer . i had turned the top to the locked position ... but , the black rubber ring ( supposed to keep the thing sealed ? ) was all twisted up -- -explaining why it was n't working . well , i fixed that rubber thing back into place , but it still kept spraying boiling water . so , right now it 's sitting in the corner waiting to be thrown out . i 'm very frustrated with this product , but love the way that clothes steamers work . it looks like i 'm going to have to bite the bullet and buy an expensive one . but , how expensive should these things be ? all they do is boil water and shoot it out of a nozzle , right ? this product is a waste of time and money ... i ca n't believe that there were any good reviews .
0 a big fat joke and a waste of money . i am a trained research assistant ; therefore , i try to research products before i purchase them . in the case of this purchase , i saw the item during an early bird sale at kohls , so i grabbed it . i owned a professional steamer that was purchased at a store that was going out of buisness , but it is really bulky , so i thought that the compact steamer would be a great choice . on the contrary , it was a big waste of time trying to dewrinkle a blouse , and although it was on sale , it was a waste of money . the problems i had were : 1 . the cord is too short : directions instruct user to hang nozzle on the door hook which hangs over the top of any door . the nozzle would not reach to the top of the door , and i live in a mobile home , so it is not like i have the tallest doors in a home . 2 . the most important thing in steaming a garment , for me , is to avoid the garment getting wet . i did not fill the steamer to the maximum line , because i know from past experience that this could sometime cause the spitting affect . after 2 minutes of waiting for the steam , i began to try it out on a silk blouse , and what a big mistake i made . the water spat out on the material . i thought that i should not hold the nozzle so close , but it did not matter , because water continued to spit out on the blouse . 3 . the steam pressure would not dewrinkle the blouse . the is not a case where the material was so hard to dewrinkle ; it is silk , not that hard of a material . i have read other reviews , and if this machine worked for them , i do n't know how , but i can attest to the operation of the steamer that i purchased . i dabble in selling clothing on another website , and i have owned my other steamer since 2002 , and i will continue to use it ; i will just have to deal with space that it takes up in my home . conair gs4 compact is a bust .
0 i burned my eye pretty bad . this is a dangerous steamer . sometimes it will pour steaming water and burn you badly . definitely not recommended . i am throwing mine away
0 too damned purple ! ( aubergine ) . this is not aubergine , a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin , but it is a light , bright purple . sitting on my kitchen countertop , it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning ; glowing , shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting . caveat emptor , unless you 're color blind or really like bright purple
0 pass on this one ! ! . threw it in the trash ! it was awful ! ! horrible to clean , did n't chop right . pass on this one ! ! bought an unknown brand for $ 9.99 and love it
0 save your money . i 've been using a large cusinart for over 10 years . it is marvelous , so i decided to get the mini-mate chopper for smaller jobs . wrong idea ! ! this is a horrible little machine . it wo n't grind more than a couple of seeds at a time and forget chopping ! the grinding unit wo n't rotate most of the time . it 's going to the salvation army as a donation .
0 overpriced to say the least . i strongly agree with the last reviewer- this unit is extremely overpriced . i also have a all-metal zinc alloy unit that included 2 extra worms , aluminum foilcutter , stainless steel bottle stopper and pourer and gift box for $ 25 . this one , at $ 150 , still has a plastic body
0 useless.. ! . i bought this blender to make pie pastry , and i was thoroughly disappointed . the wires do n't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through..i spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result . the handle is nice but it just does n't get the job done
0 burst into flames when making toast . i just bought this toaster ( not on amazon ) to replace a black and decker toaster oven that had served well for more than 10 years . this new toaster oven burst into flames when making toast filling my house with rank smoke and nearly setting my kitchen cabinets ablaze . this is a very dangerous appliance that , based on my experience and other reviews here , should probably be taken off the market and recalled
0 not even worth 1 star . this item fell apart the moment i took it out of the box . the sides literally came apart . do not buy this product . the company should be ashamed for even selling it
0 poor quality . we have only been using the sheets for 2 months and it is already pilling ( balling up ) very badly . it is already affecting my husbands sleep so we are on a search for another sheet set . when you see 500 thread count , you expect more from the sheet but i guess we should have know what to expect given the low price . i suppose you get what you pay for . take my advice and do n't throw away this $ $
0 impossible to clean . i agree with the previous reviewer that these are difficult to clean and dry . i could never get mine really clean so i threw them out
0 crack easily . although i like the concept of these storage containers , they crack very easily . the bottom of one of the largest containers had cracked during shipping . ( still useable for dry things like flour ) then as i was sitting on the floor putting the containers away in a bottom cabinet , i dropped on from 1-2 feet above a linoleum floor -- it too chipped and cracked at the point of impact . also , when i first unpacked the containers , one of the lids came apart and the bottom half became stuck in the container . we had to use a knife/fork and 2 people to pry it out , doing some damage in the process . i believe the click clack folks have developed a second or even third generation of these containers . perhaps they are sturdier . on the positive side , i did store some tomatoe sauce in one of the containers and it did not stain
0 since when is spode made in china ? . i purchased 5 of these dishes ( at $ 9.99 each ) to give as christmas gifts . spode is manufactured in england , but the sub-standard knock-offs i received came from china . the color is dull and grayish . return shipping would be outrageous , so i 'm stuck with 5 ugly dishes .
0 can you hear me now ? . this phone would be great if it did not have the worst static come and go several times throughout a call . it never fails , when i need to make a really important call -- the static is so loud i ca n't hear at all . every time we use it the static interrupts our conversation because we ca n't hear . and target would n't take it back without the box -- how long are we supposed to keep the box- reasonably !
0 black goo and funny smell . the design is ok . nothing fancy , nothing different , it looks just like any other teakettle . it works fine . the handle does n't get hot , and the whistle is n't too loud . i gave it one star because of the black goo that came inside . i washed it before using it , and after the water was done boiling , i saw little black particles floating in the water and the water smelled weird . the smell may have been caused by that black stuff . i washed the pot again and saw more black stuff coming out . i took one piece and noticed it was gooey . i checked if there was something that had melted when i boiled the water , but i saw the kettle was intact . i boiled more water and again i saw the black goo floating in the water . i have boiled water 7 times and have washed the pot 4 times , and there is still goo floating in the water , they are almost unnoticeable , like very tiny dots , but they are there . at least the funny smell is gone . i do n't know what that black goo is or what 's causing it or where it 's coming from . i 'm afraid it may contain dangerous metals or chemicals that can be harmful . if i keep seeing black goo , i 'm sending it back . i think i 've learned my lesson . when it comes to buying cookware , it 's better to buy good quality . it 's not worth jeopardizing your health to save a few bucks . update : after washing it two more times and boiling water one more time i got rid of the goo . and i 've noticed that the handle gets very hot when i fill it all the way up
0 terrible in so many ways . i have read a few reviews about this machine and some how i am not sure what i missed . i purchased this machine about 8 months ago . i loved the look of it in my kitchen with all my stainless appliances . that is where it ends . this machine has been terrible , when you put water in it the filter part floats up and out of the slot letting water get into the machine unfiltered . when your filling your cup you have to bend down in front of the machine to see where the coffee is in the cup or it will overflow , making more for you to clean up . i just want coffee ! ! ! even though the inside `` unit '' that holds the coffee does come out , it is not designed to fit into the front of a refrig to put water in it . you have to use something else to catch the water from the refrig then dump that into this machine . they put little time into the design/research of this machine . i hesitate to add this as i do n't want anyone reading this to think my home is dirty ... .living in florida we tend to see palmetto bugs . this machine has about 5 vent holes in the top of it , i had two bugs get in the machine . they had full access to the water reservior . once i filled the water reservior the bugs came flying out . that was the end of this machine for me . poor design issues and not sanitary by any means . look on !
0 loved it until this morning . i have had the cuisinart dcc-2000 coffeemaker for about six months or so and loved it . this morning , however , it decided to stop working correctly . i left the kitchen while it was brewing and all of the coffee leaked all over the counter . what a mess ! i then made just 2 cups and put a coffee cup under the spout and watched it . sure enough as the coffee was brewing the spout was spewing . i do n't know what coffeemaker to buy now
0 poor handles . the cooking set looks great . however , once you heat the pot/ pan , the steel material handles become super hot . i have to return the huge box
0 i hate these pillows , they smell like a henhouse ! . granted i have never had feather pillows before so maybe this is what is to be eppected but they have no neck support whatsoever , they make disturbing crunching noises whenever i move my head and they positively reek like a dirty henhouse . gross ! home on the range ai n't for me . i detest these , and threw them out
0 cooks great , lid does not work well ... i love the way the tefal deep fryer cooks , however , i am returning my second one due to a defective lid closure . the lid may close initially , but after a few uses it no longer stays closed . since i have small children in my home , i will not be purchasing this one again .
0 high priced - low quality . very disappointing ! spend your money somewhere else . i threw away a perfectly good but old made in the usa thermos bottle and bought this made in china nissan 0.79-quart stainless-steel insulated bottle back in june of 2005 . ten months later this bottle stopped keeping anything warm and would feel warm to the touch after you poured warm liquids in it - evidence of the loss of its insulating function . i think it lost the vacuum in the cavity which i think is the method used to insulate the liquid inside . when you spend $ 25 one would think it 's a good quality product - think again
0 very annoyed ! . i bought this thermomter after watching goods eats with alton brown , because when i make buttercream frosting i wanted to be able to clip on the thermometer to the pot and get an accurate reading . well this themometer did a lousy job at staying clipped onto the pot , it kept falling off no matter how i put it on . i even tried using other pots , but no luck . i am so mad that i paid so much money for this crappy gadget , it sucks
0 great ... as long as it worked . i used this thermometer fewer than 10 times before it stopped working . for the most part , it no longer registers any temperature , and when it does it reads 75-100 degrees too cool . while it was working , i definitely preferred it to my analog candy thermometer because it was less bulky , but i certainly ca n't recommend it now . the clip still works , though , and coupled with my wonderful polder probe thermometer , i 've got the best candy thermometer ever
0 big and leaky . this is a neat idea ruined by shoddy manufacturing . first of all , this coffemaker is a lot bigger than most regular ones , especially the height . i ca n't fill this one without pulling it all the way out to the front of the counter . this takes up a lot of room for small kitchens or crowded countertops . the whole thing is also made out of plastic with a very cheap look and feel as soon as you take it out of the box . in just about 3 months of daily use , i 've already had water or coffee leak out of the dispenser four times . between the constant waste of space and having to watch out for leaks , i 'd rather go back to pouring my own cups . the only reason i have n't thrown it out is because my wife bought it and i do n't want to hurt her feelings
0 if you want quality , look elsewhere ... i purchased this unit due to the fact that you could dispense without a coffee pot . in the past i have usually ended up breaking the glass carafe that comes along with traditional coffee makers . at first , i was very pleased with the unit and thought i made a great purchase . eventually it started to drip and leak at random . the handle in the water/coffee holder broke . the top of the unit that lifts up broke off completely and now just sort of sits there precariously . finally , this week it decided that it was not going to work at all . it will not make coffee . it will turn on , but not brew . i have only had this for a year and a half or so . look elsewhere if you are looking for something that is going to last . ( it was only used 2-3 times a week
0 no need for cups , slurp it off the counter . we received the hamilton beach brewstation 12 cup coffeemaker as a gift from my sister-in-law . she loved hers and had used it for a few months so she bought one for us . shortly after buying this for us , her coffeemaker started leaking . she thought it was just worn out from the six months of use and purchased a different type to replace hers . we used our brewstation for the first time yesterday . the night before , i set it up and programmed it to make coffee at 5:00 am - perfect , we could get up and have coffee already made . it worked great . a minor problem is that i enjoy coffee throughout the morning and the coffeemaker shut off after two hours . not a big deal in the grand scheme of things , i just turned it back on and life was good . now before i go on with my story , i need to explain how this coffeemaker works . you pour the water into the first reservoir ( for water only ) using the coffee tank to measure the amount of water . the coffee tank is placed back on the coffeemaker and the coffee filter and coffee is placed in a basket that fits on top of the coffee tank . the coffee is made and held in the coffee tank . to dispense the coffee , you place your cup below the tank and push on the dispenser button with your cup . coffee pours right into the cup . great idea , too bad it does n't work as well as the concept ! today coffee was brewed at 5:00 am again . that 's the only thing that worked well . when my husband tried to get a cup of coffee it poured out and would not stop . the cup overflowed , the coffee ran all over the counter and continued to flow until he unplugged it and put the entire coffeemaker in the sink . it finally stopped pouring out when it ran out of coffee . i 've cleaned the coffee tank and it continues to pour no matter what i do . since this coffeemaker runs just under $ 50 , the twelve cups of coffee we 've made with it very expensive ! i 've emailed hamilton beach and am awaiting an answer to this dilemma . i need to purchase another coffeemaker today and it definitely wo n't be a hamilton beach brand . i ca n't afford to purchase a new coffeemaker every other day ! my advice is to purchase a different brand and stay away from this one . unless you do n't have cups and want to slurp your coffee off of the counter !
0 battery life is 4 months tops . my spouse operates this vacuum daily until the rechargeable nickel-cadium battery is dead to avoid any memory issues . like the black and decker 15.6v chv1560 cordless hand vacuum , the battery life is 4 months tops . perhaps black and decker should replace the nickel-cadium battery with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery on all of their cordless hand vacuums
0 works great , at first ... i have had this product for about 2 years . when we first got it , it worked great -- lasted about 10 min . at a time . now , we 're lucky to get the floor cleaned up under the table before it starts to wear down . also , the clip which holds it to the base just broke , and i see that i am not the first person to experience this problem . i do n't see anywhere to buy a replacement base , at this time , so i may end up just throwing the whole thing away
0 stripped gears . i am very disappointed with this product . i was carving my thanksgiving turkey yesterday when the knife stopped working after it got hooked on bone in the wing . the motor continued to work , but the blades stopped moving . the knife has only been used 3 times , but i had to throw it out today . i opened the plastic case , and found a metal worm gear coming off the motor shaft , and a cheap nylon gear attached to it to move the blades back and forth . the nylon gear was stripped and the knife was useless . my prior knife , much less expensive , lasted for 18 years . the cuisinart knife is not well made and only works well when it is not under any stress .
0 mechanics are faulty . we have had this toaster for approximately 3 yrs . it has had mimimal use as we vacation away from home in the winter ( 4 months at least ) . there are just two people using this toaster and on an average only use it twice a week . the toaster is a part time toaster , sometimes it will toast both sides sometimes not . it has now become a total pain as the mechanism to hold the bread down has stopped working . i thought that a cuisinart would last for ever . i owned a very cheap toaster for over 35 years , gave it to my sons to use in college . that toaster still functions properly but is small and a 2 slicer . it will come out of the attic until we can find a better company than cuisinart with a better product
0 they leak . zyliss makes different shaker with different color . if you did n't catch this review , it is just because this color is n/a . they all leak . after 3 months of daily use , i feel bad that i have another thing to full up the landfill
0 careful , it may leak . it has a terrible desing flaw . i use it to mix and carry protein shakes . i put the powder in , put the cap on and when i am ready put the milk or water , shake and drink . too good to be rated 2 stars , is n't it ? well that was the good . the bad is : the tread that hold the cap is inside the conteiner so when you mix , the mixture go thru the tread ( it does n't look nice ) , and it 's supposed to be hold in by a clear tiny silicon-like band that is attached to the cap . if you tighten the cap too much , the band will be squeezed out of position and leak . if you do not tighten it enough the band wo n't seal and leak . another thing , maybe not as important as the above , is that it is little uncomfortable to drink directly from the bottle , the lid keep closing everytime . so before you make your decision analize carefully . despite all that ... . it mixes , when you get it right ( until the band break ) and spray eventuall
0 too small . unit is advertised as 5 quart ... ... ... ... what arrived is 2 quart , and much too small for my purposes
0 this does not hold its edge . i have had the knife for a month , and now it is simply not sharp . the knife does not hold it 's edge , and i have used it only on soft vegetables a few times . acceptable at $ 19 , but hardly high quality
0 poor quality - a great disappointment . i bought this coffee pot after owning the older version of the grind and brew . silly of me to think this would be an improvement . the front load basket design is terrible . it is a true `` pain '' to clean this section , you can not get your hands or any tool i have in my kitchen to clean the mechanisms . therefore , the brew basket sticks and at times the latch that holds the basket in will at times be gummed up . then when you start to brew your coffee thinking that the latch is closed , its not - its gummed up . not a problem until the heat and moisture from the brewing coffee loosen the gunk up and your basket shoots out and the coffee brews all over your counter . as many times as hubby and i try to clean this its become too much of a pain , this coffee pot is out of here ... and on its way to the curb . i actually am contemplating sending it back to cuisinart in pieces ! ! ! ! ! ! poor design . did i mention the coffee itself does not seem to have the same flavor as the other machine . i think this one brews at a higher temp making the coffee bitter . my advise as a seasoned coffee maker/drinker . pass save your money and your headaches
0 dislike button pause and pour . i am not a fan of the pause and pour feature . it is a button and if the pot is not directly under button the coffe over flows . on two occasions the machine stopped dripping coffee in the pot , casing grounds to overflow the filter . i can only assume the pot was not perfectly placed . i searched for a red coffee maker at a resonable price but could find none without this type of pause and pour . i may have to remove button for 100 % satisfaction . but i love the red accents in my kitchen
0 green slime in brita pitcher . i have been using a brita pitcher for years but with the last two boxes of filters , a green slime grew in the pitcher after less than a month of use . i 've heard the brita faucet filter attachments are worse . i 'm looking for another product .
0 awful . i have wanted a crockpot for a long time and this one was one of the cheaper ones i saw . i 've read reviews about rival before but decided to go ahead and try it out . i really wish i would have kept my receipt and box ! . the lid does n't even fit and moves around most of the time making a bunch of noise and letting all the steam escape so all your liquid ends up being gone . the food is well done before the slow time is up . my chicken turns out so dry and overcooked .
0 cooker from he__ ! ! . wish i had seen the reviews before purchasing this insane appliance . nothing `` slow '' about it -- burns everything , even on the keep warm setting . best you can get out of it is 4 hours before you absolutely have to return home and shut it off . if not , your evening meal is small burnt pieces of food welded to the bottom of the pot . i swear , this thing is possessed ! my old rival crock pot was the best appliance i ever purchased , this one is the worst !
0 get the upgraded grill with the removable plates instead . i wish i had . this one goes to the goodwill . grill plates are fixed and a chore to clean . grill leaves uncooked areas if height is irregular , like a chicken breast . hamburgers work best . watch out for burns
0 why anyone thinks this is a good iron is beyond me . i bought this iron based on the recommendations here and was terribly dissapointed . first of all , the iron is very big and heavy . that 's not really a problem by itself , but when the iron leaves wrinkles on a shirt as much as it did , it becomes a big problem . the controls were hard to deal with . turning the iron on and to the setting desired involved getting under the holder . i can see someone burning their hand on a hot iron by accidentally reaching underneath to get a grip in order to work the controls on a hot iron . the water receiver only accepts water when the iron is laying flat . well , that 's fine if the iron is n't hot , but what if you decide you need water while ironing ? the steam controls either do n't work on the unit i have , or they do n't work similar to any other iron i 've used . this iron is far worse than the sunbeam i 'm trying to replace due to inherent problems and leaks
0 not very effective . maybe i just have stains that are too much for it , but this cleaner did n't seem to do very much , certainly not enough to warrant paying the extra for it versus normal cleaners . and i 'm not using it on very old le creuset either , everything i have is less than a year old . maybe it does better on older stains !
0 tfal deep fryer . the size is nice for 2 people . cleaning is easy . seems to be a defect in that the unit has to sit just right on the base or it will not go on and off by itself . you have to juggle it to be sure it is seated just right to get it to come back on after the oil is heated up and then you have to be real careful that it stays seated just right .
0 never again . these knives are terrible ! the eversharp edge is finely serrated and tears the steak leaving pieces of meat hanging on the edges . it rips the food instead of cutting it . i thought the henckels name would be better than this . do n't waste your money
0 another water tank victim . as mentioned in a lot of other reviews , my water tank leaks like a sieve . the unit is completely unusable . when you see how poorly constructed the water tank is , you realize hoover has built a clearly defective product . save yourself trouble , buy another brand of cleaner . i will never buy a hoover product again
0 is this some sort of sick joke ? . is this some sort of sick joke ? are you purposfully trying to be politically incorrect or what ! ? making fun of sombody 's disability like that is not funny and can produce long term mental anguish . if you 're not careful , i 'm going to take you to court
0 corelle livingware . my wife and i ordered 2 sets of the corelle ware . we even got a $ 10 discount automatically . the order came quicker than expected and everything was in excellent shape . we like this type of diningware better than china ware . it is virtually indestructible . i lkie amazon 's free shipping . i 've purchased many things through amazon and have n't been disappointed
0 disappointed ! . this grinder has a small capacity [ not as advertised ] . if you follow directions , it will only grind enough for 4 cups at a time . also , for some reason it generates a static charge and there is coffee dust all over the counter after emptying it . the cord is stiff and the cord storage is inconvienient . finally , it is much more noisy than my old one
0 the chemical smell is real . after reading the reviews here saying that the chemical smell mentioned by others was not a problem for them , i went ahead and ordered this rice cooker . after i received the cooker , i was a little disappointed to find that it was made in china , rather than japan , and that there were some very noticeable imperfections in the fit and finish . i made sure to remove the shipping paper under the pot , and wash the pot and lid thoroughly , but upon trying it out i was disappointed to find that my cooker did in fact emit an acrid chemical smell that filled my apartment . it was the kind of smell that you more feel in your nose than actually smell . the smell also flavored the rice , which was most noticeable after letting it cool and airing out the apartment . aside from this problem , though , the rice , which was standard japanese style white short grain , came out perfectly . i returned this cooker and ordered the panasonic sr-na18 , which should arrive tomorrow . i have compared a few rice cookers at my local asian store , and this panasonic model seems better built than the newer ( i believe ) panasonic sr-la18 , plus i believe it is made in japan ( i 'll have to check when mine arrives ) . i also highly recommend the zojirushi 10-cup `` neuro fuzzy '' model ( ns-jcc18/ns-zcc18 ) . my parents have had one for several years and it works perfectly
0 worked for a few years , then burn city . i loved this when i purchased it , then i noticed it did not do a perfect job , then it would take a while to get going , then it smoked and died . not worth it
0 fresh out of the box . took the blender out of the box . cleaned the jar and lid and started trying to use . it ran for a few seconds and then i started smelling something burning and the blender quit . i attempted to contact customer support and could n't get through . the telephone message suggested i leave a message and they would call back . i attempted to leave a message but it said the mailbox was full . not a good sign
0 gummy handles in dishwasher . we have had this garlic press for a number of years , but now its handles have turned so gummy from repeated dishwashing that they turn the kitchen counter black just by laying it down . plan on buying a new one every couple of years
0 rust spots on cutting edge of blade . it is a strong knife ; and easy to grip ; but , i am upset about the rust spots on the blade , especially because i gave 2 people this knife as a gift ! it was very embarrassing ! i ca n't return it since it was a long distance gift . shame on oxo ! i gave it 2 stars because of the good grip ; but , that is all it is ... .a good grip that looks like you bought it at good will
0 idiotic sticker ! . i 'm sure this is a fine pizza wheel . unfortunately , i 've not yet been able to use it , as the @ # $ ! * $ sticker that came attached to the blade is vitually impossible to remove . geez .
0 not sure if i would buy again . after many years of loving rowenta irons i have to say i am very disappointed the dx1700 . it has already `` died '' on me . the first few months it worked very well . the steam power that most rowenta 's have is great . but i am very disappointed that it will no longer heat up .
0 revere ware . the name revere ware used to mean exceptional quality , now it means `` just more chinese crap '' .the bottom is so thin it ca n't have the logo stamped properly.the redesigned handle has an impossible to wash void in it . in all fairness it is better than most imported junk
0 not my favorite . i handwashed this one time and it filled up with water . i did n't expect to be able to wash it in the dishwasher but i also did n't expect it to fill 45 % up with water the first time i washed it by hand . the water has since evaporated but i have n't tried to use the thermometer since and i wo n't use it without using a second one to calibrate this one to see if it is anywhere close to accurate . not exactly what i was looking for
0 great bargain ! . this is warm , beautiful , soft and a fabulous bargain ! i highly recommend it ... and buy the matching sheets ! they 're a wonderful combination
0 avoid this one . only had this coffee maker ( second replacement ) one year and it leaked from all over my counter . i asked for a replacement , crazy huh , and was told no my time had run out . well i am off on a hunt for a good coffee maker . this was not it ! ! do not waste your money
0 how can i ? . amazon couldnt send me the correct cutting board and they tried 4 times and now they want me to review this item that they never sent m
0 non-absorbent towels . these towels are soft and fluffy , but the towels are not absorbent . just as other reviewers have stated , the towels do n't absorb water , rather the water rests on the surface of the towels
0 delonghi ar1070 convection oven with rotisserie . i bought it because of the rotisserie function , which i use a lot . this model has no variable temperature control on that function . there are some things i cook at a lower temperature for a longer time to get the proper doneness . i do n't know why when they wired the machine they did n't route that function through the temperature control .
0 title says nonstick , must be a typo ? ? ? . i 'm not sure who decided to put the word non-stick in the title of this griddle . it took me two days to scrape off the egg omelet that i tried to cook on it the first time . they should change the title of this item to calphalon one stick 10-inch international griddle . do not buy unless you enjoy hand cleaning and scraping pots and pans
0 garbage . this thermometer never worked correctly . for oven temps . over 350 the probe is worthless , it reads the oven temp. , not the temp . of the meat . save your money and buy and old fashoined one
0 3 month review . this thermometer worked flawlessly for the first 3 months , then the probe broke . do n't ask me how it broke because i can not see inside the metal do-hicky . a replacement probe is $ 10-15 provided you can find one . it seems all these units have problems with the probes . well , enough for me . i 'll go back to my traditional thermometer
0 some annoying features . first , when you use the temperature probe , the meat temperature shows on the display . also , it is very easy to set the temperature alarm . however , there is a small switch that must be turned on to activate the alarm . good for one burned roast . granted , a mistake you will only make once . second , when the timer gets to zero , the alarm sounds , and the timer switches to an elapsed timer . a very nice feature . however , there is no way to shut off the alarm without stopping the timer . it will eventually shut off after one ear-splitting minute . otherwise , it works
0 foodsaver cannister . i was very unhappy with this product . i ordered several cannisters and 3 out of 5 cracked after the first use ! ! ! i did everything that they recommended and they all cracked in the same manner . the people at foodsaver were very happy to replace them because they are under `` warranty '' but i am surprised to see how fragile this product is . fyi , they will not warranty the products sold on e-bay . i should have listened to the reviews and not taken a chance on this product .
0 do n't buy this . i got one with my foodsaver . i like the foodsaver but their canisters crack after a couple of uses . also the manufacture is not handy friendly . i was injured and ca n't speak . when i tried to get help by email they told me i needed to get friend or family member to call them if i wanted help . that just wrong . i guess they have n't heard about the equal access laws
0 siz is too small . it says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong . it does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of each burner causing the handles to be right ove both burners . very dissapointing , i love the le creuset normally and was really looking forward to having a grill pan made by them . unfortuanatelly due to the shape it will not work for just one burner either . hopefully they will come out with an updated one , until then my search for a good 2 burner grill pan continues
0 started out good . made good waffles when i got it but now it burns them to a crisp . there is no adjustment on it to compensate for the ageing of the internal components .
0 poorly balanced . these tools , although fun looking , are poorly balanced and fall over if they do n't have enough room to rest on the counter . the handles are a little awkward in size and the bowls of the spoons slightly too deep . i like their look , but i do n't like the design of them
0 get the upgraded grill with the removable plates instead . i wish i had . this one goes to the goodwill . grill plates are fixed and a chore to clean . grill leaves uncooked areas if height is irregular , like a chicken breast . hamburgers work best . watch out for burns
0 cuisinart cpt-180 . this was supposed to be the toaster to end all toasters . we had it for about 2.5 years , and now the toast brown on only one side . the outer heating elements still work . the inner elements work at about 1/3 capacity of the outer ones . we now turn our toast around after a couple minutes to cook the other side . until we find the next toaster to end all toasters . this one was not it !
0 bad tea . this is not a very good hot tea brewer . the tea does n't steep hardly at all and there is no difference between the strength settings . the water is also not heated to boiling . it is really just a glorified coffee maker . you would be better off purchasing a more traditional teapot for far less money
0 it was great - until i washed it ! . worked like a charm until i put it through the dishwasher , and now it always exudes a fine black residue . maybe some kind of rust ? ca n't use it anymore unless i want black grime on my ice cream . i have emailed the manufacturer to ask what 's going on ; have n't heard back yet
0 not from england . i bought a set recently and unfortunatley it is made in china . we have some older ones and they are much differen
0 tomato slicer is not sharp . i recently ordered a pedrini black and satin stainless steel tomato slicer through amazon.com . the delivery was very prompt . the slicer came with a clear plastic cover for the blades . but the problem is that the tomato slicer is very dull . the tomatoes are literally torn up by the time they are completely sliced . i would not order another one by pedrini . i am not pleased at all with my purchase
0 waste of time . this is a complete waste of time . this thing takes a lot longer than a traditional knife . the tomato juice goes everywhere and its flimsy . you actually have to saw and the blades bend like crazy . dont waste your time or money
0 get a real grinder . the blade broke after 14 months of use . and to take advantage of the warranty , i learned that i was required to send them a check for $ 4.00 for processing costs , not to mention the cost that i would incurr to ship it to them . it was an adequate grinder at best , so i 'm definitely not going to bother returning it ( i assume that this is cuisinart 's reason for having such a lame warranty in the first place ) . i wonder if the rest of their product line is like this . until now , i thought cuisinart was a name you could trust . i 'm very disappointed
0 fire hazard . i bought this vac to help clean up behind my 19 month old daughter and my 2 pets . i used it once without a problem , seemed to work reasonably well for a hand vac . the 2nd time i used it i was cleaning up kitty litter tracked from the litter box . the 1st pass went fine but then as i was getting ready to make a 2nd pass to finish the job it started whining and it stopped working . i turned the machine off , checked for any clogs or hair of any kind that may be causing the interference but i found nothing . i manually moved the brush around a couple of times without a problem , so i turned it back on . it was still not working and then within 2 seconds it started to smell like something was burning . i turned it off and it was smoking pretty heavily , which lasted for at least 2-3 minutes before cooling off . do n't waste your $ $ on this and more importantly do n't risk your safety with this fire trap
0 spout that spills and leaks ... .for shame ! . who had the bright idea with putting the spout so low that this thing will boil thru so easily ? since it does n't make any noise that it is boiling , you know when the water start to burst thru the spout area and it is not a good thing . and what is up with the leaky spout in the weld area anyways ? welding is a skill that if done right , it would not leak ! the handle will get hot so wear your glove . on the plus side , the stainless steel looks very nice which is why i bought it in the first place . i use to have a cheap tea pot that cost half the price of this one and it was more reliable ( lasted 2 years ) so that just goes to show that just because it cost more , it do n't mean it would last longer . mine start to leak after 4 months . i am going to buy that cheap one again if they still makes it . overall , i can not recommend this tea pot due to the spout flaw .
0 awful awful tea kettle . this kettle has so many design flaws i do n't know where to start . it does n't whistle when it boils so if you leave the room you could have serious overflow before you get back . the spout is at such a steep angle that it often pours beyond the cup . the shape ( especially the angle ) of the handle means that it gets very hot -- i ca n't hold it without a pot holder -- and your hand gets scalded by the steam when you pour the water . mine also already started rust on the outside . i purchased this kettle about six months ago and i 'm going to have to now buy another one
0 looks great while it burns you . look carefully at where the spout is mounted . if you fill above this line , with the lid on tight , when it boils , boiling water shoots out of the spout . and the lid fits so tight it is hard to remove without burning . i 'm suprised to see this still being sold
0 huge disappointment ! . i received the delonghi deep fryer on friday evening and had it at the post office on monday morning . i did everything except stand on my head to get it to make potato chips ... smaller batches , larger batches , shorter cooking times , longer cooking times . what i did get , consistantly , resembled more a potato cake which was soggy in the middle . i bought a waring pro at william sonoma for $ 40 more and had beautiful potatos monday evening . bottom line ... delonghi may be a bit cheaper and a tad easier to clean , but i want good tasting food
0 disappointed . this board scratches really easily , and mine had dings in it when it arrived
0 do not buy . i returned three incantos , all for the same reason . the steamer stopped working on all of them after 3-4 weeks . it sounded like the pump failed . i replaced it with the slightly more expensive , older magic comfort plus , which has worked like a charm
0 i got out while the gettin ' was good . this machine is the only sub- $ 3000 machine i could find that would make a cappuccino with the push of one button . however , after an hour of trying , i could not get the machine to do anything other than display a message saying the grind was too fine . the delonghi service number blamed it on the plastic float in the water reservoir , the simplest and cheapest looking mechanism imaginable . i was having second thoughts about their quality control for a machine whose all-plastic construction did not inspire confidence to begin with , when the service person , after conferring with a colleague , decided there could be something more seriously wrong with the machine and that i should exchange it . knowing that super automatics in general are not known for their reliability , i envisioned years of chronic problems with this machine . i opted for a refund from amazon instead and am relieved i did
0 bubbles . i bought one of your pans and i was so very careful with it only using plastic or wood utensils . the pan has got big bubbles in it and the nonstick finish is pealing off . i rate this very poor
0 garbage . please do your self a favor and do not buy this item . as a toaster oven it burns the bottoms of everything you heat in it . as a toaster to toast bread or bagels , well it still has yet to toast anything for us . you can run the toaster 6 times and it will never toast/brown . i was shocked that this item would be so bad being that hamilton beach is a good brand . something is obviously wrong with the production of this product . forget about purchasing this one . if there was a zero for the star option on this product i would have given it a zero
0 way too slow registering temp . although i love the way it clips onto the oven rack , and it 's very easy to read , it took about 15-20 minutes to `` register '' the temperature of the oven .
0 you can not make pancakes or eggs on this pan ... contrary to the description above , this is not a non-stick pan . i tried making eggs and pancakes on the pan . everything stuck to the bottom . i used bacon grease on the pan before i made the eggs . they stuck . i used butter on the pan before i made the pancakes . they stuck . i could not get the pancakes off the bottom of the pan without destroying them . this might be a good pan for searing and the cleanup that comes with it , but it is definitely not a pan to make breakfast or any other meal that requires a non-stick pan . my 12-year-old t-fal with a worn surface outperformed this pan making pancakes . i am definitely returning it
0 i 'm sending them back . i ordered the orange and the red . the colors were much more drab in person . the cumin is actually burnt orange from the 70s
0 gigantic disappointment . thought for years , i was missing something by not having a cuisinart ! what a laugh . in the few months i have had this unit , two pusher assemblies have cracked and broken . i did read the manual from cover to cover and watched the video prior to using . this is an obvious design defect . guess i was lucky , in that first replacement was made without a hassle or having to return anything . now they want the broken item returned , which is an inconvenience and a delay . i was without my replacement last time , at least six weeks . i plan to return this item and purchase a different brand
0 arrived not functioning . i had a russel hobbs electric kettle , made in the uk , which worked well for 3 years . when it finally died , i ordered one of these , based on the glowing reviews . it arrived new from amazon not working . lf port jefferson , n
0 one kitchenaid attachment to skip . maybe i just do n't understand what this is supposed to do . kitchenaid attachments are usually wonderful enhancements to their basic appliances . but i have n't been able to create volume or foam in drinks with this attachment . ca n't see that it does much more than a spoon , and certainly does n't do as much as a plain wire whisk . it 's not portable like those cheap , little drink mixers . when i 'm at home , i have my immersion blender - a much better option for mixing liquids . maybe this is good for something i have n't tried yet
0 problems after 3 months . after 3 months of average use , this vaccuum stopped spinning the brushes . the canister is difficult to empty . i was very dissappointed because of the failure of this machine to last . i will never buy a hoover product again
0 disappointed ! . i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery . also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon ... .do n't understand because i do n't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
0 worked great at first . it picked up great but one month before the warranty expired the thing made terrible noises and did n't self-propel correctly . sent it in for repair , took a month . they said `` nothing '' was wrong and sent it back , but now it works . i would n't buy another one . for $ 300 it should last more than a year before repairs are needed . spend your money on something built better . http : //www.candle-licious.com su
0 bad vacuum . bought the vacuum on oct 1 2005 . brought it back to the store on oct 7th . the belt broke ! thought it was a fluke . tried one more ... brought it back after 10 days . a piece went flying after using the hose . the suction on the hose then did not work ! overall the cleaning was great ... . while it worked .
0 do n't buy this piece of junk . i bought this vacuum new and used it three times . for those three times , it worked like a dream . never had the carpet been so clean . it even looked like a professional carpet cleaner had just visited . on the fourth use , the brush abruptly stopped rolling and the motor started smoking . it cost me over $ 100 to repair . beware buying this vacuum ; repair shop owners will laugh when you bring it in because they see so many of them with broken belts and motors . ignore what consumer reports says on this one and most definitley do not throw your money away on this piece of junk
0 yuck ! . first of all i 'm a dyson fanatic ... .i have a total of three ( one on each floor ) . when we bought our cabin i could n't stand to give one up and felt too cheap to buy another one ( they are pricey ) for carpet i 'm on five or six times a year so i bought this . at first i was thrilled . it was wonderful . after using it a few times however it has completely lost suction . keep in mind this is being used in a second home with no kids , pets or real dirt . i would doubt that it 's on except that it 's noisy and takes off without me . i have bought new filters and looked for blockages but nothing has worked . also the `` dirt container '' is sometimes hard to remove and put back . feels like it 's catching on something . what a waste of money . even in my college days i 've never had a worse vacuum . i highly recommend the dyson instead or even the $ 50 dirt devil i gave my niece as a wedding present- it cleans circles around this thing . to me `` hoover '' spells `` disappoinment ''
0 piece of junk ! . this is the worst vacumm cleaner i have ever had ! it has continually broken down since i bought it and is now again dead . it 's only 1 1/2 years old ! while under warranty ( the first year ) , i went through 5 belts , a roller brush , and the motor burned out . it is no longer under warranty , and of course , it broke down again . it smokes like it 's on fire , and i believe that it 's the roller brush *again* . now mind you , my house is only 1600 sq ft , and half of that space is wood flooring , so i do n't have an excessive amount of carpet . nor do i vacuum excessively . maybe once a week . i complained to hoover and they basically told me `` too bad '' . and it 's not like it 's an inexpensive vacuum at $ 289 ! i will never again buy a hoover product
0 get one with auto off . this one is does n't work when it gets hot or wet ( and where do you use your thermometer ? ) . also , it is very easy to leave it `` on '' draining the batteries . replacement batteries cost nearly as much as the thermometer itself . i have another taylor ( unfortunately , there is no model number on it ) . it is auto off and saves the max and min temperatures . the max is helpful when i want to check i steak on my hot ! grill . i can hold the thermometer with a pair of thongs without burning my hands . this one is just plain useless
0 dangerous incendiary device . mine worked reasonably well for about 7 months ; then stopped switching itself off and eventually overheated the plastic bulkhead which holds the coil , giving off a strong ( presumably toxic ) odour of melted plastic , also affecting the taste of the water . amazon does not sell this item in britain , where it would never get through the safety tests required by consumer legislation , but apparently they are quite happy to put american lives in danger
0 piece of junk/ no warranty from manufacturer . i bought this item in october 2005 , by january it had developed a crack across the bottom and up the side of the pitcher . i contacted both amazon and emile henry about it . amazon will only give a partial refund and emile henry told me to go through the merchant and did not offer that supposed warranty on their shoddy product . do n't buy this piece of junk
0 close to garbage ! . i got them free with purchase of wamsutta sheets . these blankets are of really cheap quality . thin , mesh-like texture . threads get loose at the ends . leaving traces of fabric everywhere . i got rid of it cause i am afraid the loose ends and fabric may be swallowed by babies
0 pay more to get something better . the tea kettle is inexpensive , but i 'd spend more to get a tea kettle that whistles and also has a top that flips open from the handle instead of one where you have to manually pop it off . in addition , the handle gets hot , and you need an oven mitt to hold it
0 nice size and shape , but started to split apart after first use . like many large wood surfaces , a peel is made from several strips of wood laminated together . however , this peel developed a split after just one use . the instructions indicate maintenance is achieved by wiping with mineral oil , so perhaps you should do this before using the first time . i imagine there are heavier peels available which may be worth checking out . i was rather dissapointed .
0 fast , faster , or even faster ... this mixer has many speed settings , but they all pretty much go the same speed . the `` low '' setting is so fast that if you are mixing much liquid it spashes all over . i would not recommend this mixer , spend a few more dollars and get a better one ! !
0 glass is fragile . the glass is quite fragile . i had two break
0 works so so , company has exaggerated performance claims . the breville chiller works so so based on the 6 minute claim the company states . to get it cold like in your refrigerator it took more like 14-15 minutes -- still faster than a fridge though . also , the description is sort of deceptive since it says new freezer gel packs , `` no messy ice '' . i thought you just use these freezer packs and thats it -- note you still need access to a freezer to freeze the gel packs before using . also , you still need to add water and the freezer packs do n't really last that long . if you want to chill more than 1 bottle , i ended having to use good old ice cubes since the freezer packs were spent . its a bit messy trying to chill anything other than wine bottles since a typical drink can/bottle will be submerged under the water bath and the only way to retrieve it is to dunk your hand in the cold water . also , if you are chilling allot of beverages , there is no way to pour out the excess water as the ice melts -- they should put a drain spout at the bottom -- i had to unplug the unit and dump the excess water over the sink . it does work being faster than your fridge or freezer , but the companies performance claims are a bit exaggerated
0 does nothing in 7 minutes . i tried to chill my white wine in seven minutes and it was still warm . they say chill , but what does that really mean ? they should say what temperature it chills to in 7 minutes . i guess that is why they have a 15 minute timer . also the description does not state that you have to add water so it is just as messy as an ice bucket and as much work .
0 does not work well to chill wine quickly . the description does not tell you that you still have to add water to unit in addition to the gel packs . i chilled my chardonnay for seven minutes and it was still warm . i had to chill it for 20 minutes to get it cold enough to drink . gel packs do n't allow you to chill several bottles without having to refreeze them or add ice to the machine .
0 poor quality . it 's great , if it works ! ! ! after keep exchanging it over and over , i gave up the 5th time . first time , spray did n't work , second time , power steam button did n't release the steam , third time , it was too strong fabric got stock underneath the iron and i could n't clean the iron , fourth time , steam problem again , fifth time , steam problem again . poorly tested product . i would 've been really happy to keep it , if it was working properly . it actually had all the features i was looking for . too bad for rowenta for not testing their products properly .
0 great concept , poor design . cast iron is the only way to go when you are cooking on anything over 30,000 btus . lodge has a lock on this market . trouble with this wok is the sides are not high enough . as soon as you start mixing , your food goes sliding up and over the side . also , for the extreme weight , the handle should be wider ; distributing the weight a little more broadly for the weak hand hold . i gave mine away after three months . i wish they would change the design ; i 'd buy three
0 does not live up to function as claimed . i bought this thing due to my inablity to handle heat effectively anymore like i used to . the unit was not deffective or anything like that , but it also only works under very specific conditions and that window is small . while it is stated in the manual that it 's not an a/c unit or super powerful and that it works off of evaporation . i found it to be nothing more than an inconvienance than effective . the fan at the back of the unit does n't have enough power to move the lightest of feathers let alone allow one to feel anything . while the manual claims that the fan is for cooling the back of your neck i find it is more functional to the evaporation chambers . overall , the unit just keeps your neck wet and does n't really cool anything . i found that the unit did work a little more noticably if it was not that hot out and you stood still . anything over 85 degrees and it fails . do n't waste your money on this thing until someone comes out with a better system
0 does not work . i should have listened to the other reviewers , which i usually do . i followed the directions to the letter . put it on in 95+ degree weather and never felt cool at all . in fact , after several minutes i actually felt hotter and was sweating as much as without this thing on . even if it had worked , it was very uncomfortable . i am suprised that sharper image sells such a bad product
0 personal air conditioner . very disappointed- feels cumbersome around the neck and blows very little ai
0 does n't work . first 5 minutes : feels like having a cold towel on your neck after 5 minutes : feels like you are wearing a warm/hot wet block on your neck
0 waste of money ! . i live in new york city where the temperatures and humidity are high . all this does is make your neck feel cold . i was still sweating after an hour ! try it if you want . the sharper image has a money back guarantee for 60 days . i dont know about amazon
0 comfy but poor durability . after one wash cycle , these sheets split at the seams . otherwise soft and comfortable
0 refurbished product is garbage . i can not recommend purchase of the refurbished roomba discovery 4210 . while i think the product did a good job on bare floors ( not carpet ) , now after only 4 months of light use ( we only used in the kitchen/den area of our home ) , the unit is trashed . the refurb warranty is only 90 days and that 's apparently all the machine is good for . i purchased a new aps fast charger in an attempt to rule that problem out , but it did nothing . this seems to be typical of this vacuum since the roomba rep i talked to told me that if the charger failed the roomba was `` probably trashed '' . she was right . if you want to try this machine stick with the new one , at least you 'll get a one year warranty . but i recommend staying away altogether
0 neat idea , pretty awful . roomba was given as a gift to me . not only is it noisy , but it took 2 hours to do my small house with 3 rooms closed off to it ( about 1000 sq ft ) . it takes me 15 minutes to swiffer the house . it missed a lot of areas . yuck
0 beautiful but too heavy ! . works well and looks great but lifting is not fun . if you are a weight lifter always looking for a few more reps for your wrist elbow and shoulder get this kettle . this stainless wk600 one is listed at 6.4 lbs , and the white plastic wk200 is listed at 2.9 lbs . a big difference ! the stainless one weighs empty close to what the plastic one weighs full . with a minimum fill of 1/2 liter the stainless weighs in at 7.4 lbs . and the plastic at 4.0 lbs . i 'm returning my stainless wk600 unit and ordering the wk200 plastic one .
0 stopped working after less than 2 years . i 've had this kettle for less than 2 years . after reading good reviews , i decided to purchase this kettle because i wanted something that would last with daily use . i disliked it from the beginning . why ? 1 ) it 's heavy . 2 ) when you open the lid to fill it with water ( you should n't fill it just through the spout because then all the deposits are on the wrong side of the filter ) , water that has collected around the lid leaks out and runs down the outside of the kettle . 3 ) after less than 2 years of use , it is no longer working properly . it constantly switches off during heating . i 've had better use from a cheap plastic kettle , and will be going back to using one of those
0 i wish there were zero stars . what a joke ! ! ! this whas a disappointing experience . the garment steamer never really worked . i wasted a valuable time in this deal . i bought one at target first missing parts then i went back returned it and came back home to use it and again never worked . what a waste of my time ! the second garment steamer one and off button kept turning off about one minute never producing any steam . i tried to contact customer service to find out if i was using it right and customer sevice is no help at all ! my advise is : please do n't even waste your time with it . sincerely , and amp ; # 60 ; br / and amp ; # 62 ; and # 60 ; br / and # 62 ; jackeline de ranier
0 peeling after a couple years . although i only hand washed these pots and pans , somewhere between the 2nd and 3rd year , the nonstick coating on the pans started lifting . i also do not use metal cooking utensils . all that being said , i still use these pots and pans ( been almost 5 years now ) . overall , i originally bought this set for ~ $ 300 5 years ago . the pots are still in excellent condition . if i was looking for pots and pans , i would consider purchasing another set at $ 150 . i do cook a lot ( used for business ) so my 5 years with these pans may equate to 7-10 years of normal use
0 designed wrong . i purchesed this product not too long ago and whoever disigned it should take a look at the silverware basket . they sould come up with a better way to drain the silverware because the silverware basket hangs over the counter in every position i tried . needless to say , i took it back because the basket would have drained my silverware all over my counter and not in the drain board . i think its a nice dish rack but the basket has to be redisigned to drain in the drain board and not over the counter . looks are very decieving , in the picture it looks like the basket is over the drain board but its not . i hope this helps others before they decide to buy this product
0 disappointed ... i ordered 2 sets of four in case there was any breakage ... and guess what ... 1 ramekin was broken leaving me with 7 dishes . to top it off , a few days later , i found a comparable set , slightly larger , at big lots , for only $ 7 for four . of course this is always the risk we take through mail order ... often it is not worth the time or trouble to get refunds or replacements
0 soehnle vera digital scales . we had to return this item for a refund . it arrived and never worked .
0 makes a yogurt drink . the first time i used this yogurt starter and it did not thicken i thought that it was my technique . after reading and making several sucessful batches using store bought yogurt for the starter , i tried another batch using the rolmex starter purchased at the same time as the original failed starter . the results were the same : no thickening , just liquid . others seem to have had good results so it is possible that the culture i received was not properly stored at some point before i received it or that it was just a bum lot
0 do n't buy it . i get this thing and they forget to tell you about the big bulky power cord its impossible to feed the fish and a number of other problems
0 what a dissappointing experience ! ! ! . i purchased the melitta mill in april , it 's now july and the thing is shot . we used it daily to grind 2 tablespoons of coffee , first the switches stuck and then we had to plug and unplug it to run the thing . sure it was inexpensive , but you should get more than three months out of the purchase . $ 6+ a month just to grind coffee ? do n't buy this poorly constructed product .
0 melitta products are inferior . i received this grinder because i had purchased a defective melitta grind and brew coffee maker through amazon . the coffee maker had electrical problems and i sent it back to the manufacturer as the manual instructed . to make a very long story short -- -melitta was not able to replace the coffee maker . they stopped making them . amazon had my money and i waited over 4 frustrating months for a coffee maker . amazon would not help me and after many , many phone calls melitta sent me another coffee maker and the coffee mill to compensate for the brew and grind . grinder malfunctioned periodically and finally died with in 9 months . warning -- do n't buy melitta products and returns for defective merchandise should be returned to amazon .
0 good company , bad product . i , too , am so disappointed with this product . when our delonghi toaster oven died after 15 years , my husband and i went shopping for a new one . numerous reviewers and salespeople informed us that delonghi toaster ovens just were n't as good as they used to be , so we decided to try the kitchenaid oven . it appeared to be solidly built and was a brand we 'd always been satisfied with . the oven , which was bought from a major retailer , looked fine , but the timer and bell were out of synch . even worse , while the top coils heated up nicely , the bottom ones heated very unevenly . kitchenaid customer service was friendly and helpful and offered to send a replacement oven along with a mailing label so we could return the defective oven to them at no expense . less than a week later the new oven arrived . it looked perfect . but again , it did n't work . this time the top coils glowed brightly while the bottom ones barely heated up . after preheating the oven for 5 minutes and positioning bread for toasting exactly as instructed in the owner 's manual , we found that the oven produced a piece of toast that was beautifully and evenly golden on top and absolutely white on the bottom . now we 'll have to return this oven as well , and we 've pretty much given up on getting a kitchenaid one at all
0 does n't do the job . the product is labeled as a seed grinder , so you would expect it to be able to grind seeds , but it failed miserably . i tried grinding flax seeds ( about the size of sesame seeds ) but about half of the flax seeds made it through the grinder intact . i even tried running the `` ground '' seeds through a second and third time but still wound up with a large portion of whole or almost intact seeds . that was with the grinder on the fine setting . it seems to be a combination of poor design and cheap parts . the `` grinding '' wheels are made of plastic which is not the best material for friction and the design allows a lot of the seeds to drop off the wheel into the chute without having actually been `` ground '' by the wheels . if you 're wanting to grind a very small amount of seeds , try a manual grinder . if you 're wanting to grind a medium to large amount of seeds , spend more money and get a proper flour mill
0 did not get item as described . the decription says it is a 9x5 loaf loaf dish . i was thrilled . i have been looking all over to find one that size in glass . i was so mad and disappointed when i opened the box and it was 8.5 x 4.5 . that was n't what i ordered . and yes when baking bread there is a difference . i am still waiting on my postage-paid return label so i can ship this back . this would have been a great deal , except i already have the 8.5 x 4.5 pans . they need to change the dimensions in the description . buyer beware !
0 piece of j-u-n-k ! . we bought this to replace our 25 year old can opener after the blade on it snapped . we looked around and quickly discovered that finding an inexpensive opener was easy but a quality opener was going to be a difficult task . out of shear frustration we ended up selecting this black and decker . at first it seemed `` ok '' , but after just a few months we are back to using our old `` manual - hand wind '' opener . the reason is that the top lever is too cheaply made and it flexes . over time ( not much time ! ) it gets too loose to hold a can anymore . we lock it in place , it spins an inch or two and the can drops onto the counter . repeat this scene over and over ... ! at the end , the lid is never ( repeat - never ! ) separated from the can - ever ! it 's back to the hand held and a search of a decent electric continues
0 beautiful sheets at the beginning , but ... .they lost color , and they shrank ! . no i do n't think it 's the problem with my washer and dryer , they are new units . now only with great difficulty can i put them on my queen bed . and they claim they have deep pockets ! i do believe it is a quality problem
0 they pile ! ! ! ! . i was so happy when i received this sheet set . it looks beautiful ( that 's the reason why i am still giving 1 star ) . but after a couple of nights of use the fitted sheet became ruff . they pile ! ! ! ! if you are looking for comfort - as anybody who buys a 1000tc sheet set is - do n't bather with these . spend your hard earned money someplace else
0 nice design , faulty manufacture . i 'm normally a fan of oxo products and own many of their gadgets . these measuring cups are the first problem product i 've had from oxo ... both the 2 cup and 4 cup sizes cracked on the bottom of the cup , right at the plastic injection point ( that little circle with the tiny bump in the center of it ) , and they both now leak at the crack . these cracks developed very soon after i bought them , and i only ever washed them in on the top rack of the dishwasher . because of the design of the cups , it 's kinda annoying to wash them by hand - and they 're not great for measuring dry ingredients for the same reason . so mine have gone into the garbage can , replaced by the kitchenaid cups of similar appearance ( although without the handy interior measuring marks ) . my advice , keep your receipt if you buy these . or skip them and get the kitchenaid , which have a non-slip rubber ring on the bottom , another nice feature . and they wo n't crack in the dishwasher
0 not worrth it ... ... . i have bought flannel sheets from amazon before but they were from martex and they were greate . but , these are just bad . they are too thin to start with , left lint all over the bed and even after washing they have left fuzzies all over the sheets , i can not even explain how bad it is . i should have waited for another martex deal
0 horrible product . product not even worth a penny . impossible to use after the first wash..wont recommend to anyon
0 afraid they 'll fall apart . i bought two sets to take advantage of the free shipping , despite the low reviews . ( i plan to buy good sheets once they go on clearance at the end of the season ... ) when i took one set out of the package there was already a hole in it . amazon replaced them , but when i washed them they feel like they are going to fall apart . the filled up the lint collector . i have red and green lint everywhere , even after washing them . you get what you pay for
0 wrong description on site ! . very , very , disappointed and irritated . humbug , i ordered this rice cooker and i just received it today . i really wish , i had read some of the reviews above . the description on this site clearly states that the rice cooker stays warm for 5 hours ! the manual clearly states it does not . i bought it because of the keep warm for 5 hours promise . i can get a cheap , basic cook and shut off at wal-mart for $ 12 here in georgia . i 'll be sending it back tomorrow , and i 'm very upset that i have to take the time to do it , humbug ! ~ i like amazon .com , but i 'm really mad about this . no christmas rice for me
0 `` new '' french white is terrible ! ! ! please do not waste your money ! . i have depended on my french white - the `` old '' style - for many years . i went to buy a few new pieces for myself , but discovered that corning has changed the design . `` french white '' is now nothing more than cheap-cheesy-heavy-porous-breakable stoneware . i saw many chips and even a crack in the display models . stupid corning ! they seem to have forgotten that corningware was designed to be the smart alternative to that cheap-cheesy-heavy-porous-breakable stoneware ! please save your $ $ $
0 joining in with the naysayers . i have tried to like this pot - in theory it sounds great , but in actual usage , it is very problematic . the non-locking handles are the chief drawback - you need to awkwardly hold them closed with pot holders while draining - and the acute angle needed to remove all the water inevitably means leaking hot water on to the holders and hence on you . back to the tried and true colander in the sink for me
0 review of metrokane mighty oj manual juice squeezer . although i ordered the juicer in the color black , i received the product in white . if not for the color i would have purchased it locally . after approximately 6 months of satisfactory occasional use the juicer is no longer functional . some of the teeth on the gear that is connected to the press lever have broken off . i had expected a product this simple would have lasted for years . i am obviously totally disappointed
0 poor quality product returned . i thought i was getting a good deal with this deep fat fryer but the quality was really poor . i used the fryer only once because the lid did not seal properly and i ended up with oil and water from condensation dripping down the side . i returned the product and received a full refund . the safety plug was hard to use and the basket size is too small for more than two people
0 gathers dust in my kitchen . it simply does n't do the job . only bruises the herbs . i normally love oxo products , but this one is a disappointment
0 worked for a few years , then burn city . i loved this when i purchased it , then i noticed it did not do a perfect job , then it would take a while to get going , then it smoked and died . not worth it
0 quality problems . i purchased a few of these for myself and friends . from the day i got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool , especially since i could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies . one day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot . i wrote to oxo about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me . anyway , i am now using a kitchenaid product which feels much more sturdy and kitchenaid responds to e-mails immediately
0 harder than maple , huh ? . the very first cut i made on this cutting board left a huge gouge in the surface . subsequent cuts also left deep marks . for something that 's advertised as being harder than maple , i found this to be very surprising . maybe it 's the way it 's put together ? all i know is that this cutting board is on pace to be the shortest lived ever in my kitchen . pretty much the only thing that i like about it is that bamboo is a renewable resource . good thing because at the current rate , i anticipate needing a new one very soon
0 universal lids . i have the large one tried to use it on coffee ... . ca n't get it to work . love the rest of the products
0 the glass was great but amazon 's shipping is the worst ! ! ! . i decided to buy this riedel sommeliers bordeaux grand cru and burgundy glasses from amazon due to the the price and the name . when they arrived both were damaged . i returned them and wait for the replacements . when i got it , surprise surprise , they were all damaged again and amazon said that they wo n't replace them anymore and i needed to return them again for the refund ! ! ! the worst experience in online shopping ever ! ! ! tips : buy these beautiful riedel glasses somewhere else . trust me ! !
0 vinchilla wine chiller . ... i returned it without even using it because it did not feel like a quaility item . i would not recomend this product if you have any taste
0 function fails to follow form . like most reviewers , i found these glasses to be elegantly modern and sleekly minimalist . like a number of other reviewers , i found that one of my glasses leaked . unlike one other reviewer , i was unable to eliminate the water between the glass ' walls in the microwave , and when i tried to do so the glass became very hot because of the steam produced . to my mind , elegance of form can never compensate for a failure of functional design . 5 stars for form , 1 star for function : 2 stars total . addendum : i liked the form of these glasses so much that i bought two more at my local coffee house , knowing that if either leaked i could easily return it . neither did , and they 're a pleasure to use . i recommend local , rather than web , purchase
0 broken after one use ! . i got this pasta maker as a gift , and after the first use the knob used to set the thickness of the pasta broke off and so did a piece of the handle used to turn the rollers . all it would make after that is a flat piece of pasta with varying thickness . the company is going to charge me to send it to them and back , even if they decide to exchange the product , and all correspondences must be done by mail ( no call-in number ) so i 'm not even hopeful for an exchange
0 great pasta takes practice . bought the machine , and got the correct flour . made up the dough , and that was a success . followed the instructions , used the vice to hold the machine to the table , then started off by cleaning the machine with a small piece of dough to get rid of machine oil . all that worked well . then i started to make pasta . making the sheets was fine , but as soon as i cut them into noodles it all went wrong . they started to stick together . my wife and i ended up having to work together , flouring the noodles as they came out of the machine to stop them sticking . but the pasta was delicious . i guess it just takes a bit of practice . in future i will leave the dough longer in the fridge to `` rest '' before rolling it , and have a mini-production line ready to catch and flour the cut noodles . the machine works great , i have no problems with it . it is cheap , it may fall apart , but for this price who really cares ? i ca n't wait to try making my own pasta tricolore . and i want to try lasagne , ravioli and canneloni . that way we can freeze our own pasta for easy re-heating . healthy tv dinners here we come
0 5 stars for amazon.com and 1 star for the metrokane rabbit . we purchased this corkscrew as a gift for our daughter . on her first attempt to use it at a holiday dinner party , we found that it required an unreasonable amount of strenghth to uncork a bottle of wine . after contacting amazon.com customer service , our entire $ 39.95 purchase price was refunded in the form of a gift certificate under their extended holiday gift return policy . recently our daughter had an opportunity to use a corkpuller of a similar design . it removed a cork with far less effort . in summary , we offer a rating of 5 stars for our amazon.com buying experience and a rating of 1 star for the metrokane rabbit corkpuller .
0 terrible ! ! ! do n't buy ! ! ! . does n't work . not worth the postage to return . the foil cutter works , though ... so if you want a really expensive foil cutter with a free paper weight , this is for you !
0 not as handy as i hoped . i have to admit that this is not as handy as i hoped . it is big and clumsy and it 's a little too flexable
0 why did i try proctor-silex again ? ? . after me first coffeemaker began leaking- and it was a realtively new proctor-silex 12 cup maker- i decided to try one of these `` cute '' single serve ones . why , oh why did i purchase this brand ? ? first , it does take around 3-4 minutes to brew a single cup of coffee or tea . this seems like a longer time than most . and now , after 2 or 3 frustrating weeks , it 's leaking just like the old one did . not user error , as the water comes from underneath the coffeemaker . also , the coffee is not coming out as hot either , which causes me to wonder if it 's the heating element ... even though this one can use loose grounds or pods , it is not worth the frustration ! try a different brand . my sister-in-law has really enjoyed her sensao !
0 absolutely horrible ! . absolutely horrible ! the worst $ 20 i 've every spent . this machine is an absolute waste of money . i have had this machine fore 2 weeks and still have not found a cup small to fit it , they are all either too wide or too tall . a total headache when your rushing out to work
0 not what i expected . when something says 'white ' i sort of expect to get something close to the colour white . i ordered three of these plates but they are closer to beige . they also have an odd matte finish that made them seem cheaply . however , they are large plates and at this price , probably good for entertaining if you need quite a few . the large ones would be good for holiday meals - those times when you really need extra serving pieces that you do n't use the rest of the year
0 not a good design for car use . the tumbler that i have is sold in various places as the '360-degree dribble-proof tumbler ' , i am not sure if that is the same as the jmt401 but on paper the specs and features are the same . it is not a good design for car use . on the plus side i like the no-handle design and it has a small base which should fit most cupholders . on the down side you need 2 hands to twist the lid open or closed . also the 'dribble-proof ' design means that the mug has a very deep lip , and even when it is full you have to tip it far up and into your field of view to get the liquid flowing
0 too much trouble . looks great in my kitchen but i , too , only use it for shakes and smoothies . it does smell like burning rubber nearly every time . i used to think something was wrong with it and now i just disregard it . and after less than two years or making smoothies , i 'm replacing the blade and gasket assembly .
0 very disappointed in this cuisinart product . we have owned this blender for about 3 years . if i had to do it again i definitely would not buy this blender . first , it is very loud . the timer quit working and the band rivets around the jar are rusty . the only things i like about it are that it is easy to clean and the jar is nice and big . other than that do n't waste your time
0 pretty blender shaped paper weight . this is our fourth new blender in the last three years . my wife and i prepare one large smoothie everyday that has no ice , but lots of frozen berries , fresh fruit , etc . nothing else goes in the blender . this blender looked nice and was so heavy it implied quality . it even worked great for a few months . then one day the gear that delivers power from the base to the jar stripped right off . now it is out of warranty . this is not simple to replace since the plastic/rubber piece separated from the steel shaft . we paid close to $ 100 for this thing so spending a couple of hours bringing it to someone who will charge $ 25- $ 50 to repair it seems like throwing good money after bad . this blender , like many others that i will not waste anymore time reviewing , is described as heavy duty , industrial or commercial grade . none-i repeat-none of the ones sold at your retail store are comparable to the better commercial models . save yourself time and money and buy the real commercial models that will last you a lifetime . you can easily find quite a few brands and reviews on the internet . the ones used in restaurants , bars and other food service businesses are constructed to a higher standard and have replaceable parts that are readily available over the internet . be prepared to pay $ 200- $ 500 . for someone who only occasionally will use a blender to make margaritas this may be a very useful blender .
0 caution when buying . it leaked from the bottom seam the first time i used it . but i guess you get what you pay for .
0 horrible set . this was the single worst set i 've ever used . if zero stars would be an option , that 's what i would have chosen . the pot broke before we could even dunk a peice of bread into the cheese . while it was warming on the stand it came with , i heard a sickening crack , so i immediately ( tried ) to take it the pot off the stand . the entire bottom of the pot and split away from the side ... and cheese oozed everywhere on my counter top . everything about this set is cheap . the pot ( which was complete junk ) , down to the fondue forks it came with . they where metal with plastic . a complete waste of money . for your wallet 's sake , save your money on this piece of junk and save up for a high quality set .
0 ramekins review . this item was broken when it was received . it was not packed properly
0 it 's not german ... it 's not made in germany that 's for sure , it 's made in china ( like everything nowdays ) and i was really looking for german quality .
0 had high hopes , but this thing is slow . oxo usually makes great things , this sifter does the job , but if you 're making something large be prepared to be there awhile . it 's very slow and after awhile your arm will start to tire . i would not recommend this sifter , just too slow for even making a small batch of cookies .
0 incredibly annoying ! ! ! . i have never written an online review for a product before , but i am so annoyed by this dumb sifter that i just had to . i am not a `` speed '' baker of any sort , but i have four kids and do like to make birthday cakes , muffins , cookies , etc . my old sifter was so old it was getting flecks of rust into the flour , so i started looking for a new one . i chose this one after reading all the online reviews , and even though i saw that a few people found it slow , i was not prepared for how slow it really is ! i just sifted 3+ cups of confectioner 's sugar for cake frosting and it took over five minutes . as another reviewer said , in order to make it go faster i shook more vigorously and then had to keep changing hands because they got tired . ( i have never ever been tired out from baking before , fer ' pete 's sake ! ! ! ) i 'm not convinced that the people who designed this product have ever actually used a sifter . i 'm stuck with the thing now , i suppose , so i 'll learn to just go slower . but it is literally about one tenth the speed of my old sifter - which was just your typical grocery store thing with a crank on one side . the one thing i really like is the caps for both ends - an innovation i 'm surprised nobody else has come up with . but that does n't redeem the product for me . in fact , if i can put my hands on another one of those old-fashioned ones ( at a thrift store , maybe ) i 'll snap it up and put this new one in the goodwill bin .
0 battery replacement . amazon should discontinue sale of this item as replacement batteries are not readily available
0 poor design . after using this product twice i was extremly disapointed . the drip tray does not catch all the dripping from frying bacon . the grease ends up all over the counter and melting the base unit that the drip tray fits in . you would think wolfgang puck would try this product under all conditions to make sure it is enginered corectly . my counters are level so this is not an issue . i am a dissatisfied customer .
0 only lasted 4 months . i purchased this item from a well known home shopping tv show . after 4 months , it 's no longer working . also , it is advertised as being able to be put into the diswasher . i have an average size diswasher and it does not fit ! ! i have contacted the manufacturer and will return it for repair or replacement ! note , when it worked it was great ! i mainly purchased it for the reversable grill
0 sent incorrect item . item was not the one ordered , i returned it and the reolacement you sent was also incorrect . i returned this second item for credit . you had placed your sticker with bar code over the manufacture 's bar code and your label was incorrect . i hope you correct your error before you send several custmers the wrong ite
0 peeling and chipping paddle . i bake a lot of cookies . i love my mixer but and concerned and disappointed in this piece of equipment . it peels and chips constantly and those pieces of plastic paint mysteriously disappear into ? ? ? ? ? ? ? how can they sell this type of faulty equipment
0 spotlifter or spot grinder ? . i bought this product thinking that it would be better than the cordless spotlifter that i had previously owned . the `` powerbrush '' just grinds in the spot and water flow required to loosen the stain must be hand pumped a little squirt or more accurately a dribble at a time . the prevoius cordless spotlifter pumped large amounts of water under pressure and made the clean up much easier . also the suction is lousy compaired to the old cordless version . once the spot is wet and loosened there is not sufficient suction to pick up the water . i 'm sorry i bought this product . it does a very poor job
0 no suction . there 's hardly any suction . i applied a full tank of cleaner on the carpet ( which requires a little effort one squirt at a time ) , but it only sucked up a few drops of it . customer service was helpful and had me return the product
0 failed after one use . the slow cooker worked well the first time i used it . the second time , the light turned on , but it never heated up . i was disappointed , because the size was perfect for me . i 'll try another brand
0 beautiful ... if you like orange . i have had these for about 4 months ( i own every size made ) , purchased to go with the other kitchenaid pieces ( in red ) . it is impossible to get these white again after using them to cut cheese , carrots or anything with any natural coloring in it . i have tried cleansers with bleach , sprays with bleach and , in desperation , straight bleach ! scrubbing does n't work either . i finally got some wood cutting boards and wish i still had my so attractive other ones on the counter .
0 had to return it . i 'm surprised you requested this review because i returned the item . they were just what i wanted , color and all , but when i tried to put the dinner plates in the dishwasher they only fit if i placed them using two spaces . this reduced the dishwasher capacity . next problem surfaced when the same dinner dishes did n't fit in my standard sized kitchen cabinet
0 still waiting . i bought a haier rtc1700ss oven from amazon about a month ago . i am still waiting for a replacement from haier because the trays and spit did not fit . i hope by this summer i will know what it 's like to cook on a con- vection oven . i 'll let you know if i ever get a chance to use the one i 've already paid for
0 more problems than pluses . i bought one and the plate that diffused the air was off center so it baked unevenly . i called and was told it was a defect and would do a warranty exchange . i was under the impression they would send it out but when i called , i was told i was supposed to send in $ 14.95 for shipping or i could give them a charge card and they would charge it again to ship out a new one and credit when i returned it . the new unit i received has had problems with the digital timer displaying the timer but rather than to have a short so rat her than do the return thing again i just used a manual timer . it baked a bit more evenly and was fast but still needed to rotate pans . i just recently had a power spike that took out all electronics plugged in , including the oven but i doubt i will reorder this product . too unpredictible .
0 bad buttons , short battery life . beautiful to look at , but , i agree with other reviewers that buttons are difficult to operate and do n't even work sometimes , plus be prepared to change batteries every few months -- ridiculous for something that uses two lithium batteries and is not in heavy , or even everyday use
0 disappointed with kitchenaid this time ... i have this scraper and after just a few uses , it fell apart at the connection in the center . normally , i rave about kitchenaid , but this product was truly a disappointment
0 keep looking ... i have several other silicone spatulas , and this kitchenaid scraper is , by far , the worst i 've used . most silicone scrapers are soft and flexible , but this one is very stiff and rigid , so you can not scrape containers out very well at all . honestly , it does n't even appear to be made of silicone . cheap grocery store spatulas work much better than this one . very disappointing
0 they get scratch marks . when this arrived i was very pleased with its quality-color-packaging -everything.only problems is that after a short time using the plates i noticed scratch marks-dark ones in the center of the plates-i would guess from where people used their dinner knives to cut their food -- very disappointing-as i was ready to buy the entire collection-glad i waited .
0 erm ... i bought this because it had such good reviews ... i got one and used it a few times perfectly without problems . until it blew up in the microwave . yep , blew up . now im sure i did everything as i was meant to.. so i really am being objective about this review.. what can i say ? this was my experience , ive decided to buy a more reliable egg cooker which does not involve the microwave..
0 pretty disappointing . i found this product cumbersome , and the instructions for assembly , battery replacement , etc . were not very clear . the vacuum did n't hold a charge well , and it was hard to remove the batteries for replacement . i finally gave up altogether and bought a different product
0 farberware skillet . i bought this and some other pans in the set . very disappointed . i have a glass cooktop , and when the pans heat up , they warp . then return to their normal shape when they cool down . guess i got what i paid for
0 zero stars ! . the battery is way below standard , extremely disappointing . it 's cheaper to buy another machine than to replace it
0 not for small hands . this product stands up to heavy use without fraying or melting . my only complaint , and it 's a significant one , is the shape of the handle . i find it awkward and clunky . it 's probably great for people with larger hands . i 've decided to replace mine with cheaper ones .
0 food shovel . the handle is big , bulky and heavier than need be . it 's like picking up a hammer
0 sorely disappointed . i must begin by saying my kitchen is 100 % kitchenaid in empire red . i adore their gadgets and utencils ... and then i came across this egg slicer . a good egg slicer is hard to find , and to find one matching my set..needless to say i was excited . but the first time i tried it , the wires simply popped out . it takes very little pressure to slice a hardboiled egg , but this poor slicer could n't take it i am very surprised , considering the high quality of the other products that i own . i am on a hunt for another red egg slicer
0 wire slicers not durable . i bought one of these because i think that the idea of a slicer is good . supposed to work with soft cheese , eggs , mushrooms and other soft items . the first time i used it i decided to try it with mushrooms and on the third mushroom the cutting wires broke . i would have returned it but for the price did n't think it was worth the trouble . so i just tossed it . maybe mine was defective but i doubt it
0 beautiful but distructive . buyer beware ! i agree with the other reviews , these plates are beautiful ! great size and shape . however , i used them for the first time last night at a dinner party and the bottoms of the plates and cups are so rough they scratched my solid oak , espresso stained table ! each place a cup or plate was set that was n't on a placemat there were small scratches left behind . if you always use a table cloth or have a granite or stone table they would be fine , but i would n't ever put them on a quality wood table again . fortunately amazon makes returning easy
0 good oven , but controls gave out . we like the features and performance of this oven quite a bit . we bought it to replace a regular old toaster oven . the t-fal toasts very evenly and i can fit a whole frozen pizza in it ! the bad part is that after about 2 weeks of service , the controls work only very intermittently . this means that all functions behave at their default settings -- no temperature or time adjustments . luckily , the default setting for toast is just barely on the brown side for us , still edible . it 's annoying to have what is otherwise a fine oven so befouled by unusable controls . it would have received a 5 .
0 okay coffee maker . this brews great coffee ; unfortunately i have gone through 2 of these in 3 years . not heavy use either . on my first one it started to leak the water from the bottom , and now my second one does n't grind anymore . still makes a good hot cup of coffee thou
0 rusting is a problem . my knives started to rust after 3wks of use . i did n't put them in the dishwasher either . i just leave them in the sink w/the dirty dishes till i 'm ready to wash . but that should n't be the problem . i have a cheap $ 3 butcher 's knife from chinatown that has n't rusted yet and i treat that one the same
0 mine broke too ! ! ! . i used this dough blender for not even 6 months , and the handle snapped ! ( mind you , i am not a pastry chef , so i was not using it everyday . i used it a handful of times . ) i understand it has a 5 year warrenty , so i will try to get it replaced . i have to say that it worked great before it broke
0 do n't waste your money . i am an avid cook and baker . i used this unit twice and it broke after the 2nd useage . i found it to be very slow ; the charge did n't last long so i had to keep it plugged in . the dough had to be very very soft in order for the press to produce the cookies . i am very disappointed that such an expensive item would operate so poorly
0 super annoying - sold , but did not deliver . i was really looking forward to receiving this , but four weeks after purchasing online , i received an email from amazon saying they did not have a supplier for my purchase ! i am disappointed in amazon . how can you sell something you do not have
0 do n't bother with this one . i have to echo some of the other customers ' negative sentiments below - this thing never really worked well . recently i noticed it had completely died ; i think i used it all of 6 times . there have to be better models out there - i would n't recommend this one
0 not well engineered . my rack came with pieces warped , one screw and most screw holes missing . wood split as i was putting it together . used it once for drying pasta , then once for kindling . hope you have better luck
0 broke after 5 uses . this blender is very weak . it has a small blade that can not pull down anything of substance and i had to stir even soft fruit in liquid or it would never get cut up -- just the bottom part of the mix spins around . i used this blender four times since august 2006 ( when i bought it ) to make 'smoothies ' , always with poor results . as the other reviewer said , the fruit stays lumpy . the little blades are n't strong enough . yesterday i wanted to liquify some cooked potatoes for soup . of course they are thick and starchy , but after the usual 'stirring ' to get them to move through the blender , the speed buttons started to vibrate and i could smell the unit getting hot . i was n't overworking it -- mainly pulsing and then running it for about 30 seconds . all of a sudden , it would n't work any more . it just burned out . if you actually cook and expect a blender to blend things , do n't buy this blender . i 'm going to see if amazon will take it back . ( note : after i wrote this , i was told by amazon that i had to get in touch with the manufacturer , which i could do because it was within 90 days of purchase . however , the company wants me to mail in the plug and $ 5 for 'shipping ' to get a replacement , which obviously i do n't want . why would i want to pay $ 5 more for a product that did n't work the first time ? why would i want the product again at all ? amazon would have taken it back , but they wanted it returned in the box , which i threw out . i 'm even more dissatisfied with this product now than when i wrote this review originally . maybe i can make it into an interesting planter and sell it at a craft fair . . .
0 wow , what an amazing rip-off ! ! . i suppose this will actually peel garlic , if you use it just right . never , ever , ever get it wet . it will not work . also , you must trim off both ends of the garlic , or it wo n't peel . and then , i still have to hand peel some of the more stubborn pieces . it 's just not worth the money . if you look around , you can find much cheaper garlic peelers out there ... ..buy them !
0 mr. coffee cheaply made pitchers . owned four diffrent styles . all of them worked ok but ! ! ! the pitchers cracked , all of them ! ! ! ! my last new mr. coffee pitchers lasted 3 months and cracked ( tea went all over the counter and floor ) if you just make tea once in a while it may be ok but i make 3 pitcher 's a day with three tea makers sitting in the kithen on a old compter desk . the hamilton beach has lasted 5 years with only one pitcher , it works good i 'm ordering 2 more to replace the 2 mr coffee because all my pitchers cracked . i know most people do n't drink that much , but i do .
0 pretty with some flaws . i bought this teapot from amazon in 2005 and used it numerous times . the material is great , heat retention is good , it looks very nice , and i had no problems cleaning it ( i use a babybottle brush ) . the tea infuser is not very effective though . the holes are a bit on the large side , so any broken bits from whole tea leaves can still pass through . and the infuser is too small for my taste to allow proper steeping of all the tea leaves , especially when i 'm not planning to fill the pot to the brim ( it does n't extend deep enough ) . so i do n't use it at all ( i put the leaves directly into the pot and use a strainer as i pour ) . however , my biggest gripe is that the spout does tend to dribble after you pour . so you have drops of tea trickling from the spout to the bottom in between pours , ending up with a wet spot on your table/counter . i have to make sure i either wipe the spout in between pours , or set it on a dishtowel/paper napkin ( unless i 'm planning to pour tea to multiple cups in one session ) . i found that pretty annoying . so in conclusion , for the price i paid for this teapot 's supposedly wonderful features , i do n't think it was a good buy .
0 in the running for worst teapot ever ... yes , it is pretty . no , it is not a good teapot . i have made tea for over 40 years , in all sorts of pots , and this is right up there with the worst . it drips a lot ! perhaps those who think it does not drip were just looking at the spout . and no , it does not drip from the spout . rather , lots of tea runs down the underside of the spout and ends in a big puddle under the pot . this happens with both fast and slow pouring , with full and near empty pots . this teapot will most likely have to become a pretty red flowerpot . just too much mopping up
0 too damned purple ! ( aubergine ) . this is not aubergine , a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin , but it is a light , bright purple . sitting on my kitchen countertop , it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning ; glowing , shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting . caveat emptor , unless you 're color blind or really like bright purple
0 broken hearted pasta maker . we love this machine , but it continually breaks down . the plastic parts are too brittle for the pressure that this pasta maker places on them . we have waited many times for parts , and we have waited too long on the service line needing help . look for another machine that uses steel or metal parts that wo n't crack , chip or snap when making the machines pasta recipes . best to you
0 i sent it back for a refund . i sent it back because the shaft that was supposed to fit down through a hole did n't , no matter how i considered the matter , so never tried it , sent it back , asked for a refund . : - (
0 snooze you lose . took what i thought would be a nice set of sheets to my place in costa rica and have slept in wrinkles ever since . hard to maintain , color is not vivid and am overall disappointed with this 600 thread count sheet set .
0 expensive ! . you can buy this at walmart for $ 78.00 . the seller here is charging $ 89.00 plus $ 26.00 shipping . you can buy here for 115.00 or go to walmart and get it for 78.00 . also , seller misquoted price on this item and when he realized this he cancelled my order through amazon.will not buy from this seller again.this new seller who sells on ebay also is not getting off to a very good start
0 do n't waste your money ! . i thought `` kitchenaid '' this has to be a keeper . i was wrong . the handles are much too heavy . there 's too much give with the spatulas . i find the utensils to be too bulky and uncomfortable . i 'll stick to my other much cheaper temperature regulated utensils
0 worse than scooping everyday . i bought this box about 4 months ago and stopped using it about 2 months ago . it turned out to be more work than just a regular box . at least you can wash out a regular box and start over clean . good luck with completely cleaning all the poo crumbs from the sliding track and cheap gears . it gets to be a disgusting affair , more than with a regular box . as other reviews said the rake only goes over the top half of the litter so there 's tons of sticky cement left at the bottom which you have to manually scrape out . it was often unable to push the clumps into the bin . so it would just very noisily push until it got stuck , back up , and then start over again like 10 times in a row . when it does get clumps into the bin , it also pushes tons of litter through the crack between the bin and the box and then you 're left with a huge pile of litter underneath the box . to clean it , you have to take it apart . the top part houses a computer so you ca n't soak it which means there 's poo always stuck in the crevices . ever see office space ? at the end of two months i was ready to bring this thing out in a field and bash it with a sledgehammer . now we 're looking for another box . currently , we are just using the plastic box from the littermaid without the rake , etc . this is my worst investment to date .
0 auto-shutoff is incompatible with sewing and quilting . the professional label on this product is a big misnomer . ask frequent sewers and quilters what they hated the most about the last iron they replaced and they will almost invariably refer to leaking and the auto-shutoff feature if present . typically , they press seams as a batch and go back to sewing ... only to return to a iron that has shut off and requires a reheating cycle . the auto-shutoff on this model makes it poorly suited for the sewing room where the 'professional ' label should apply . this ( and other ) rowenta iron produces good steam and can burst steam to a certain extent . however , usually between 6 months and 1.5 yrs , rowentas begin to drip . the valve design just does n't hold up to water hardness that long . failure number two . for garment sewers and quilters , a professional system with a separate water boiler ( tank ) works far better : * wo n't shut off on you * since the iron does n't make the steam ( the boiler does ) , the sole does n't have the 'hot spot ' where household irons drip the water to make steam , which tends to scorch fabrics * true professional models have a thicker sole which will maintain a more even temperature ( still without the hot spot ) i teach sewing classes ( garment , home dec , totes , etc . ) and have completely walked away from household iron designs like this one . you will not see this type of iron in a commercial workshop . noone there would have the time to wait for the iron to get hot again every time you 've been away from it . this iron is a better than average housesold model , designed for 'ironing ' your laundry and not for pressing in a sewing room . for general ironing duty ( like laundry ) , check out the t-fal 1759 ultraglide diffusion iron for about half the price . my t-fal irons ( i 've had 2 ) have outlasted my rowenta iron , with just as good a performance and with the advantage of the ultraglide sole , a ceramic-like sole coating that does not scratch , even over metal zippers ( the stainless steal sole on the rowenta will scratch over metal zipper ) rating this ( and similar ) rowenta as a conventional household iron : performance 5 durability 3 ( before it begins dripping ) as a sewing room iron : 2 overall rating : 2 ( because they label the product as professional , where it fails to the task ) p.s . : for any household iron , be sure to empty the water tank after use to prolong the life of your iron . leaving water in the tank leads to premature wear of valves and seals
0 love the idea , but the nonstick does n't deliver . i had been looking for egg rings ( without knowing what such a thing was actually called ) for a long time before i happened upon these babies . as soon as i saw them i knew they were exactly what i had been looking for and ordered them on the spot . unfortunately , my glee turned sour when i tried to use my new egg rings . a lot of people report they have n't had a problem with sticking , but that is not consistant with my experience . eggs stick to virtually everything , and these rings are no exception . trying to remove the ring and flip the egg is a pain , usually i flip the ring and the egg flips with it , and then i have to cut the egg away from the ring so it falls down to the pan
0 omg i think i 'm deaf . well , it started off a fairytale . this small vacuum has a lot of power . unfortunatley , i think i have permanant hearing damage from the volume of this vacuum . it is extremely loud , it terrified my pets and i had ringing in my ears after using it . it worked very well for about 6 months and then pooped out on me . i 'm not sure if the motor gave out or what , but the suction does n't work even though the brushes still spin . the filter is a pain ! i run a rabbit rescue and deal with a lot of pet hair , it just clogs up way to fast . if you have a small apartment with merely area rugs , this might be ok , just make sure you buy some ear plugs . yikes .
0 non-functional slicer . this egg slicer would seem to be a smart design since it will do slices and wedges . however , the wires consistently get snagged in the slots and break . also , it does not accomodate jumbo eggs well .
0 low price low quality . the way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item i found that it 's true : low price , low quality ... do n't fall for this deal . i am disappointed
0 be carefull i broke two allready . this product is junk . i like most oxo products but this one is poorly designed . the hadle is spot welded and can not hold any weight . my second one broke after shaking the remains of a stock out . do not buy this product ! ! !
0 probably defective from the start . i 've used these type of units all the time until i got my own . it stopped sealing , and i have n't had a chance to use up the bags that came with it ! when i called , they said it was probably the heat tape that went bad and they ca n't fix it . they offered to sell me a new one though ! i have no idea where my receipt is ( my fault ) . i have to have another one , so i 'm going to buy the cheapest one so i do n't feel so bad when i have to replace it in 6 months to a year
0 nice , but not very durrable . when i received my set of mini springform pans i was very excited . i could n't wait to get started on some wonderful deserts . and as expected the results were great . only after the first washing did the problems reveal themselves . not only did i notice rust on the release hinges , but the rims on the collars were warped . at first i thought i could live with this , but a friend pointed out it could only get worse . i am used to purchasing top quality kitchen equipment , but these definitely do not make the grade . admitedly the results of my first time use were great , but i just do n't feel these pans will last . i hate buying something and knowing i will have to replace it soon . and that is exactly the way i felt with these pans
0 not worth the mess . i purchased this after looking at all of the reviews . what a mistake ! after using this to cook single cup servings of several types of rice , there was one thing in common - a huge mess . even after rinsing the raw rice several times , the unit still spatters out to about a two foot radius . i may try it with a wet dish towel on top to contain the mess , or i may just stick it in the basement and forget about it
0 sticky button . this carafe keeps beverages warm enough . the problem i 'm having is the push button on the lid sticking in the open position . the instructions that accompanied the carafe address this issue , although they were written for a different model that has the push button on the top of the lid . despite following these instructions the push button still sticks . to get the lid to close now after i 'm done pouring i have to release the button and smack the top of the carafe . very poor design in my opinion . i would n't buy another zojirushi product based on this experience .
0 did n't work for me ... simply put , it does n't work . well , perhaps it can work on some types of fabrics/garments in very specific ( or limited ) situations , but it did n't work on mine . you ca n't manage to get a continuous flow of steam , even if you keep on pumping the button frequently ( what it does n't support , as a matter of fact , because there 's a limit of bursts of steam it can shoot out in a row before `` reloading '' ) . i returned it to seller ( brand variety , that refunded me without problems , no question asked ) . not recommended
0 good while it lasts . i have purchased this item twice . the first barely made it through a grill season and the second proved even less hearty . the grill gets too hot for the wire and it burns through leaving two pices of probe wire . there is no way to use this with a grill and get sustained use from it . the same is true of all brands.. models sold as `` wireless '' are not wireless in terms of going from the meat to outside of the grill . somebody needs to figure out how to make this tool without the probe wire . that said , before it becomes useless , it works really well . maybe the idea is to buy these by the case ?
0 keep your receipt . i 've had 4 or 5 of these thermometers over the years and when they work they are great . but inevitably the probes fail . you will think its your fault and probably buy a new one . but the reviews show that the probes are not up to the temperature extremes they will be subjected to in a grill or an oven . one solution i 've tried that works pretty well , is to keep your receipt , and when the probe fails , take it back where you bought it for a replacement .
0 lasted less than year . while it worked , it worked great . but then it stopped working . only 10 months of use . ordered a new probe , but that did n't work . now , it 's just an expensive timer . would 've received three stars , but the polder site and service not helpful . will try the taylor model , good luck with analog taylor thermometers . once you get used to these types of thermometers , it 's hard to go back . the precision in cooking , especially for chicken and pork , can make a big difference
0 wonderful , until the handle cracked . i purchased this wok for my husband 's christmas present . it was lovely , we cooked two meals in it christmas day . nice heat transfer , beautiful on the table ( but big ) . that night , he noticed the handle was cracked where it meets the pan . it 's considerably narrower than the normal le creuset handle . back it went to williams sonoma , where there were a few other l.c . woks with similar cracks ! phooey to you , le creuset . i wish i could find another glass lidded joyce chen wok - my old one was the best , before it was dropped one too many times
0 beautiful look and feel ... ... .until you wash it ! ! . we received 3 sets of this for a wedding present . i really liked how the polished silver shined and how they felt in your hand . however , after just one wash there were quite a few that had rust spots . after two more washes the rust got worse . these are supposed to be dishwasher safe ! there are recommendations to hand wash these and dry them , but who has the time for that these days ? despite the apeal of the set , we decided to try something else . it 's a shame because it 's such a pretty set ( before the wash of course ! ) .
0 first rate junk ... . i bought two sets of these about 4 months ago . after the first time in the dishwasher i noticed little tarnish/rusty looking spots . they rubbed off fairly easily , but as time has gone by , they are looking very bad . tonight while eating , i got a sliver in my finger from the fork ! i have never had a piece of flatware peel . i 'm going back to my old flatware . sure glad i saved it ! do n't buy this junk
0 does not fit my pillowtop . true , these sheets do get rather wrinkled in the wash , however , that is n't my concern ... ... . the description states that these sheets will fit a mattress up to 14 inches thick . my pillowtop mattress is about 11 inches thick and these sheets do n't fit ! i washed them in cold water and used the lowest dryer setting . what a pain
0 disappointing . this press does n't seem to work well . the top browns much more quickly than the bottom . clean up is n't all that easy . i was surprised by how small the grill surface was
0 perfect for the reckless consumer . we had this machine at work and made maybe 6 cups a day on a busy day . within a month the machine broke - keurig did replace it right away but then the second broke as well ( a co worker bought one for his home and had the same problem ! ! ) . they gave us an upgrade on the model and this one is still going . the coffee was good but the tea was not . most importantly people is it is wasteful . with little plastic cups filling up the garbage , and in our case two machines in the dump . come on people lets have some conscious comsumerism and slow down . what ever happened to putting the coffee in a paper filter and pouring hot water over it and letting the fragrance wrap around you . if you are that busy and needy for coffee instantly maybe you should be looking at the job ads or self help books and not over priced hunks of wasteful plastic for greedy americans
0 not non-stick , but otherwise a good pan . i bought this pan because it was non-stick , plus it had the air cushion between the layer of steel . i bake my usual brownies and cookies and they all stuck to the pan . it stuck more than my glass pyrex casserole pans . it was not easy to get it off , i had to scrape it off and it took time and a bit of muscle . definitely not non-stick . the air cusion works from preventing the bottom of the cookies from overbrowning , which is not exactly a great idea since the top of the cookie become significantly more brown than the bottom of the cookie , which sometimes is moist and not quite holding the cookie together . on the up side , this pan does n't warp if you are baking at 350 degrees of below . i am returning this item , i wanted non-stick and this definitel was not .
0 plates break - 3 in first month . we just replaced our entire kitchen dishware with the sango brown - mistake ... even bought the added pieces ... well , we only hand wash them ( we have a dishwasher but rarely use it ) . in the first week , a plate broke in half right down the middle ... then a week later , a second ... and tonight , a third..all three directly down the middle of the plate while hand washing.. ( not rough washing either ) . i have a call into sango and hopefully they will resolve it . after reading the reviews here , i would have to agree that its not worth the danger of broken dishes ( my wife sliced her finger pretty good on the second broken one ) to buy these . i am going to try to find a set that will go with all the extras i bought from sango..i am hoping i do n't have to replace everything ! what a mess ! sango , why cut corners on such a beautiful set ? ? im at a loss here to figure out that business logic
0 gadget enthusiast . i was disappointed with the spatula . it is too flexible and too large for my hand . my husband thought the size was okay but he too thought it was too flexible . it reminded me of a diving board
0 not a quality item ! . these sheets are not quality . they are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them . the jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior . they are not a bargain
0 waste on money . i agree these sheets are horrible.. i should have know better.. i have the same issues as every one else does.. i dont know what will happen after the second wash.. they will proably fit the crib.. dont waste your money
0 knives do n't cut it . i wish it was possible to give less than 1 star ! went through dishwasher once , came out rust ! save your money ... .or your packaging ! i thought chicago cutlery ; how can i go wrong ? so out the packaging went ! i called chicago cutlery . turns out some of their stuff is now made in china . would n't that make it china cutlery ?
0 cracked in the oven after 2 months . i was very pleased with the le creuset baking dishes i have ( i have the poterie 10 '' x 13 '' deep dish baker , 14 '' oval baker , and 9 '' square dishes as well as this one ) . however , my 12 '' dish just cracked down the middle while i was cooking a pork roast in it at 425 degrees . it had only been in the oven about 45 minutes . i am sorely disappointed and now i am wondering if i wasted my money on the others . i have only had it for about 2 1/2 months
0 breadman 900s . i have owned this breadman for one year . i make between one and two loafs of bread per week . mostly whole wheat bread . i purchased the 900s because my previous machine was a breadman and it performed well ( 8 years ) . pros : it makes a good loaf of bread . good selection of cycles . loaf is easy to extract from the pan . cons : the motor is not very powerful . it lugs down when making whole wheat bread . after 7 months of operation the teflon wore off the mixing paddle . at 11 months the bearing failed in the mixing pan . overall i am disappointed in this bread machine and i could not recommend it
0 expensive baking pan . not sure how other people have been able to make a real loaf of bread with this , but i certainly could not . i made three attempts , all failures for various reasons . either it did not mix , or the dough was so hard it knocked the pan off its base , or it created pebbles of dough . it definitely can not be left unattended , which defeats the purpose of delay start . it bakes ok though , but you better do all the upfront work yourself . ps . i was using the recipes that come with the maker
0 a very big warning . we liked the idea that the caraffe did n't need to be heated from below ... a big plus with this unit . but ... . we have had some serious problems with the filter backing up and the water leaking over the top of it everywhere on the counter . a flood of coffee . we thought that it might be the filter holes were clogged ... so we made sure they were rinsed out well and could easily flow a stream through them . but then we had a flood again on the counter . so we thought that maybe our filters were'nt good ... so we bought other ones . and them we had another big flood of coffee ( this has proven to be very staining to our white grouting ) . so we thought perhaps we were grinding our coffee too fine and it was packing down too tight ... . so we ground it coarser ... and yet , another dang flood . we have followed the instructions perfectly ... and still these overflows . so now we are ticked ... we have never had this headache with a coffee maker before ... . and all we want is some coffee in the morning . so we 're going to try and return the stupid thing ( our reciept and box are long gone ) . sure hope we can get an exchange ... and certainly not another one of these . oh ... and the mugs that come with it do n't have handles on them like the ones in the picture do
0 not accurate and potentially dangerous . from the start , it was apparent that the temperature displayed was 5 or 6 degrees higher than two other digital thermometers i had in the same room . so i followed the calibration instructions and was only able to get the display to read 34.1 degrees in a 32 degree solution ... ok , so i can live with 2.1 degree inaccuracy . after calibrating , the room temperature was also only off by about 2 degrees . however , i decided to test it in boiling water and the display read 193 degrees ( water boils at 212f ) . so , if you are counting on this thermometer to tell you anything important ( such as if your meat is cooked suffiently or if your beer water is the right temperature for steeping ) , i would make sure it is accurate at the temperature of interest before using ... or avoid it all together , which i wish i had done
0 2 pans - and # 62 ; 2 damaged pans - and # 62 ; poor product quality . in defense of amazon.com , the pan was not damaged during shipping . it appears that the nonstick surface has been gouged on both pans . i just got a refund . poor quality . do n't waste your time
0 incorrectly described . i wish i 'd read the previous reviews ! i ordered this for $ 14.99 as a and quot ; bottom of the page special and quot ; and it 's going back . it is not two inches thick as described , but 3/4 and quot ; . what a disappointment ! and now i see that the regular price has been changed from $ 25 to $ 40 . yikes ! do n't bother..
0 do n't waste your time . all four glasses arrived broken . they are not packed for shipment . i have tried three times to get amazon to refund my money but i have had no luck . heed the warnings
0 great idea but rusted fast , pieces fall off ! ! ! . now , i love the idea of having a chrome tub caddy until 2 months into having it , it begain to rust . then the candle holder and the wine glass holder rusted off ! ! ! i am now on the looking out for a plastic covered tub caddy . a caddy is awesome to have but not in chrome ! !
0 broke three in quick succession . i bought three of these when i saw them in a local store , thinking them a great deal . they look like the equivalent of the henckels , solid and sturdy , at one-fifth the price . looks can be deceiving . they are suitable for paper , skin , aluminum foil , etc. , but do not try them on anything more substantial , like chicken leg bones . i broke these on items that i routinely cut through with my henckels and wusthof shears . the cost of sending them back under warranty was about the purchase cost , so i tossed out all three pairs . sorry , chicago cutlery , but if you are selling office scissors , label them that way . i expect kitchen shears to be a lot tougher , so i ca n't mark these more than one star . chicago cutlery makes a pair of scissors called the insignia series , for only about $ 2-3 more . i suggest potential buyers look into these , or spring for the more expensive german brands
0 i do n't get this positive feed back ! animal abuse ! . this product is sick ! if you get a `` delight '' out of seeing an fish hung like a christmas decoration in a ball that is way too small too live in your sick ! plus a nightlight ? try sleeping w/ no eyelids w/ a light over your head . fish sleep too , but they cant close their eyes . there does not even seem to be much air space above the water . it 's the same problem with those silly bowls with the plants on top . they breath oxygen and sufficate witout fresh air . get at least a five gal . tank and do n't waste your $ on this cheap fad product . bettas are so smart , fun and sociable and desarve just as much respect as all of our fellow pets and humans
0 waste of money . this mixer is so weak it could n't mix air . it 's horribly under powered . seriously , it bogs down mixing mashed potatoes , and i 'm talking instant mashed potatoes ! and mix protein drinks ? ? forget about it . it leaves clumps because it does n't spin fast enough . i 'd do better twirling my finger in the glass . consider using a spoon over using this contraption , and $ 20 will buy a lot of spoons . or get a real mixer and leave it somewhere handy - same convience but it will actually work . if you do n't believe me and the others here warning you , go ahead and throw your money away on it , and then you 'll wind up here adding your own warning to others . consider yourself warned
0 nice concept - poor execution . i agree with the other reviewers ; had the machine for a couple weeks , after 5 uses the machine did n't sit right on the base , causing the teeth between the base and the container to grind a bit . after that , it was all downhill . the base teeth were completely ground down within 2 uses . interestingly , the new back to basics smoothie machines seem to have a better locking mechanism , and teeth that seem to be made of more durabe material
0 smoothie no more - what a waste of good tequila ! ! . i had this machine for about 3 years with no issues . but , how often do most people use their machine ? i used it maybe 15 to 20 times . i went to use it yesterday and all of a sudden i see smoke and the bottom of the machine and that funny electric smell ( we all know what that smell means ) the plastic bottom of the base stuck to the machine and margarita 's were everywhere ( except in my glass ) . we had to throw the whole machine out . now i will be buying a new machine , being that i enjoyed the convenience of the spout but if i ca n't find one thats non plastic i will use my blender . the smoothie maker makes less of a mess for drinks , a blender always doesnt pour as nice . i will not buy another plastic model again . ( i believe this one was a gift to me ) do yourselfs a favor and spend the extra cash on a metal version or even glass if this exists , obviously the motor does n't last long and the plastic parts break to fast according to other reviews i 've read .
0 great idea , poor quality . i bought the back to basics 600 smoothie maker about 6 months agos . i was pleased with it until the plastic toggle on the spout broke . it is made of plastic and apparently could not withstand the tension on the plug . i was very disappointed since i use it every morning but thought it would last longer . i will look for a better quality one next time
0 not what i was excepting ! . i am a quilter and was looking for a good hot iron and lots of steam . i also hate the auto- shut off . well i thought i had found it . the perfect iron for my needs . well after only one days use it is put away for someone else to use i was very disapointed in the iron it spits water and boy do i mean spit my ironing board cover was wet . my fabric continued to to roll under the iron , the surface is not smooth and seems to grap the fabric . not what i was looking for at all i would not recommend this iron
0 worst iron ever . i have had this iron for awhile now . the big problem is that gunk builds up on the soleplate that is almost impossible to get off . except when you iron white shirts , when it seems to rub off of the collar and seams , permanently staining and thus ruining your shirts . avoid this iron at all costs
0 defective product . i was very disappointed with the cookie maker plus and i believe i bought a defective product . the picture on the front of the box shows the person 's hand on the big button to make cookies , i had to use the small button at the top to get it to work and the big button to retract the plunger . i have used the cookie maker plus 4 times ... twice to make twice baked potatoes , once to make candy but the 4th time i used their recipe for classic spritz cookies the machine died after 16 cookies . i switched the batteries and it produced 2 more cookies , then died again . i finished the batch by rolling them out and using a cookie cutter . the cookie master plus could use major inprovement . do n't waste your money .
0 piece of junk . this is horrible ... ..as stated by the other reviews ! ! ! do not waste your money or time ! ! ! my husband and i tried for several hours to get this to work , we let the dough come to room temperature , and still it would not work !
0 amazon.com delivers ... ..used coffee mugs . if you 're in the market for a used nissan coffee mug , then step right up and order from amazon.com ! so you 're probably thinking , yes , maybe i would like a used coffee mug . how about a used coffee mug with dried , brown coffee stains still in it ... and how about with the fresh aroma of a ... what does that smell like , ah , vanilla latte i believe it is . if you 're still interested , continue ordering , but be advised as customer service will be unwilling to compensate you for any issues you may have with receiving a dirty mug in the mail . i think nissan stainless makes a nice product , but i would suggest ordering from somewhere else ! ! ! hip , hip , boooooo
0 weak hinge . i 've had two of these break on me now after normal use ; the hinge gives way during the `` cleaning '' process
0 went back to oxo twice -- made from weak metal . although this is a nice looking product , and it lives up to the 'good grip ' promise , i went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point ( the hinge ) . i will say that oxo stood behind their product , shipping out a new one with no fuss . but after getting two replacements , and seeing the third break in exactly the same place , i 'm done .
0 so so . my kitchen is entirely kitchenaid , so i was very excited when kitchenaid released their silicone bakeware line . i love the color and the way they clean up very nicely . i also love that they do not get scratched or clank around in my cupboards . however , i have noticed that when i bake in these , i can smell the silicone . it even dominates over the smell of the cake or bread that i am making ! i have also noticed ( especially with this bread pan ) that the silicone gives your dessert a slight silicone taste . i own the muffin pans , so i use paper baking cups to prevent this from happening , but with the loaf pan , there is no way around it .
0 cup leaks . cup leaks out of the top closure part . i need one that does not leak at all , most of the time my hands are full and it 's a balancing act . very disappointed for this amount of money it is not worth the aggravation
0 hardly commercial quality . i am writing this to warn all of you cooks and bakers at home , that like me , prefer real commercial equipment in your kitchen . anything less is just a toy . i had purchased the waring pro 1500 convection oven thinking this would be a quality convection oven to replace a farberware convection oven that i have had for over 10 years and just plain wore out . i ordered the waring pro 1500 from a catalog/online store other than amazon , i do n't know if it is legal to say , but it does have the word chef 's in it . i was so excited to get it ! i opened the box , set it up , and was so disappointed . it was made so poorly i was just sick . the stainless steel top was not smoothed out , the oven door was installed so crooked it scraped the metal off of the side of the controls , and it had been dropped or something before packing because the feet were up inside of the thing , and the top was bent down . the shipping packaging was fine , there was no broken packing and the box was fine . ok , so i sent that one back , got a replacement thanks to the wonderful customer service at the online store , and opened the second one , same thing ! ! i was so devastated , that i decided to give it a shot anyhow . while cooking with it , the door had such a bad seal that it just steamed out the front , sides and bottom . i was amazed that there could be such shoddy workmanship out there on what was being advertised as commercial quality . ok , so oven number two went back , and i tried one more , what the heck three strikes you are out right ? right ! ! finally oven number three came and it was put together so much better , seal looked good , top and feet looked good , so i decided to give it a whirl . once again , huge disappointment . the convection fan goes on and off with the burner coils . thus not giving the cooking cycle a true convection . i called waring customer service and it was confirmed by engineering that they designed the fan to come on and off with the coils . bad design ! it took longer to bake cookies in there than it would my regular oven , and then they were hard and dry . i rotisseried a chicken and it took over 1 and a half hours and when i cut it , the skin was soggy , not crisp , and it was n't cooked all the way through after 90 minutes ! the thing popped ( sounded like it was going to blow up ) every time it heated up because they riveted the rack holders in there so tight , also making it nearly impossible to go from racks to using baking trays . ok , that was it ! ! after extensive internet research , i finally found a convection oven that is truly a commercial oven made for residential use , and exchanged it with the wonderful catalog/online store mentioned before and got the cadco commercial ( and i do mean commercial ) half size convection oven model number ov-350 and have used it many times since it 's arrival and absolutely love it ! ! i know it is twice the price , but as usual , you get what you pay for . there is a smaller size version of the cadco/broilking oven that is quarter size , for people that do not need to bake huge quantities like me , that is the same price as the waring pro . please people , if you are at all a person that demands quality in your kitchen , do not waste your time on the waring pro , just skip right to the real commercial stuff and save yourself some major stress ! ! thanks again to the wonderful customer service at the aforementioned catalong/online company for not making me be stuck with the worthless waring pro 1500 ! ! go for the cadco !
0 godzilla . we never even plugged this sucker in . i wanted a countertop convection oven that would accomodate a pizza or 9 x 13 pan , and this unit was supposed to do that . what none of the product decscriptions mentioned is that this `` countertop '' unit should not be used underneath a cupboard . do n't most kitchen countertops have a cupboard over them ? also not mentioned is that the unit required a 4 '' clearance on the sides : so whatever the dimensions of the unit are , you need to add 8 '' . i 'm sending this monster back and getting something smaller
0 i sold them at my garage sale . unfortunately , if you have an older gas oven like we do , the temperature of your oven may actually be higher than the temperature at which you set it on the dial . this led to problems determining a safe temperature in which to use the trays . we were all hesitant to eat the muffins i 'd made because of the chemical/plastic smell . i 'm back to using foil muffin cups on a cookie sheet
0 only good for very light work . the fs150 food slicer is fine for very light duty work such as cheese or lunch meats providing you do n't push this unit too hard or use it too frequently . ours lasted a year and a half of very occasional use before it burned out . the two biggest drawbacks are the sliding rail and the motor/gear train . first the slider is simply a cheap plastic bushing on a metal rod that tends to bind up fairly quickly . we found that a little olive oil wiped on to the rod kept things moving well enough but it needs to be treated every time you use the slicer and then cleaned afterwards . food grade teflon or silicone spray did not seem to work as well as the olive oil . the big problem with this unit is the motor/gear train that drives the slicing wheel . the drive gear is plastic and will not tolerate any kind of continuous load and will strip out fairly easily if pushed too hard . we smoked the motor and stripped the gears just slicing up a couple of small roasts and we were not working the unit that hard . it does a decent job for the person that just wants to slice up a small bunch of deli foods for a party or do a weeks worth of cheese for the kids lunches but honestly a good knife will do just as well and not set you back ten minutes for cleaning every time you use it . if you are looking for a slicer to do more serious work you will have to spend the money and get something in the $ 400+ range . what this slicer is good for the deli counter can do for you for free when you buy your bologna .
0 very difficult to clean ; a truly horrible purchase . i was actually satisfied with this slicer until i needed to clean it . when you remove the blade , there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle , plastic `` fingers '' . an intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy , brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal . mine broke on the 4th cleaning ; now the blade is extremly difficult to align , and it wobbles if you leave the part off . waring 's website does not offer this part for sale , and customer service has not yet returned my call . updated march 24 , 2006 : customer service told me to clean this slicer by removing the three mounting screws rather than using the center screw . this is more difficult , and does not permit you to clean accumulated goop that gets behind the seal . they did send me a new ring or seal , but i had to eventually remove the whole blade when the smell of the goop became too strong . all of the fingers had broken off the seal , so i had to use duct tape to reapply it . and the blade really wobbles now . i see a few people really liked this slicer ; i suspect they had not cleaned it before writing
0 impossible to clean ! . this thing slices well , then comes the impractical task of trying to clean it . the tray does not detatch from the base , which can not be put in water because it containes the motor . pieces of food work their way into the motor area . after removing the blade ( using tools ) you must remove a plastic cover with 3 screws and dig out the pieces of food . i could not believe how bad a design it was from a cleaning standpoint . the tray that slides back and forth with the food has a stainless top that is literally two-faced taped onto the plastic base . this was very poor from a quality standpoint , and came off in my hand the first and only time used . the plastic base for this tray has about fifty little half inch square honey-comb sort of areas that grease from meat or juices from food will get down into . this thing is a nightmare to adequately clean and not worth the trouble . it went back to the store immediately , and it was not all the way clean because after about thirty minutes i gave up . i 'm looking for another brand now
0 misleading advertising . i bought this product because the box says `` no more ice chunks . '' there is even an `` icebreaker '' setting . i wanted a way to make slushies . however , the manual says you are to use the `` icy drink '' setting when crushing ice . i am not sure if or when a person is supposed to use the `` icebreaker '' setting ! also , the whole ice crushing process requires many steps and more than a blender . first , you have to pour water in before you can crush the ice . once you press the `` icy drink '' setting , you pour out the excess water into a collander . even after all that , there are chunks in the ice . no slushie for me ! i gave this product just 1 star because i hate misleading advertising . i will now have to take time out of my crammed schedule to return this product
0 dishonest marketing . the price of this iron was reduced to $ 24.99 with the purpoose of missing the $ 25 order for free shipping , then they trap you into buying another item or pay over $ 7 for shipping . now , to make matters worse , they omitted the most important feature of the iron ; that the soleplate is aluminum .
0 too heavy on handle end . these tools are made of high quality materials , and they look very nice . however , the ends of the handles are so thick and heavy that if you leave them propped on the side of a shallow pot or pan , or on the counter , they are very prone to flip out of the container or off of the counter , carrying food with them to the kitchen floor . this happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner . i will not throw them away , but i would never buy them again .
0 sloppy craftsmanship . would look great if it lined up correctly . goes together very crooked and does n't line up 100 % with other parts , and there are only three major parts . i ordered two holders , and both have the same problems . may redrill the screw holes to line things up better , but may just return both for a refund . i love the look , and it would be great if things were done correctly
0 very unhappy . after getting the teakettle in january , i had to stop using it by june . the kettle was leaking water all over the kitchen counter and at time it would not turn off by itself . delongi sent me a new kettle to replace the one that was broke but it was a model only worth $ 80.00 . when i ask about the $ 50.00 difference in price of the two teakettles i was told they covered their warranty and i 'm out of the $ 50.00 . i wo n't be buying anymore of delongi products !
0 not even close to frozen . like the other reviewers , i followed the instructions for this machine to the letter . i froze the canister in my deep-freeze for several days and took it out just in time to load it . although the recipe provided was quite tasty , even after 60 minutes the stuff never even got cold enough to reach the slush stage , let alone ice cream . my kids pretty much drank it from the bowl . it 's advertised to make ice cream in 20 minutes ; no way . returned it the next day ( and paid for shipping )
0 looks great but poorly designed . let me begin with a positive note on the oxo good grips oven mitt : it looks great and the magnet is a good idea . now for the negative aspects of this item : it 's way over-priced , especially for how poorly it is designed . the way this oven mitt is designed does not give you a `` good grip , '' which is ironic since it 's called the `` oxo good grips '' oven mitt . it 's hard to explain , but the silicone part is somewhat stiff and when you put your hand in the mitt , you can not easily grab things , especially if what you 're trying to grab is small ( like a pan lid ) or narrow ( like the handles on a roaster pan ) . it 's like this mitt was designed as though the only thing anyone uses an oven mitt for is to take hot cookie sheets out of the oven . i decided not to give it one star only because it does a good job of insulating your hand from high temperatures . i strongly suggest that if you are considering purchasing this oxo mitt , you should go to a store and try it on first to see what you think about the design .
0 ugh . i bought this pan as a christmas gift for my husband . it would have been easier if i had just put a match to my money and burned it . he has given up using this pan . he even read the directions thinking he was doing something wrong . every egg he placed in it stuck to the side of the teflon rings . what a shame . the only use would be to throw the rings away and just use it as a regular pan . do n't waste your money
0 mystery plan . as of today august 19 , i have not received anything on this plan . no paperwork , no backorder ... .nothing ! ! ! i think maybe it 's just a rip-off
0 should have read the reviews . we have had ours less than one year and we hate it for all the reasons everyone else have listed . it does n't toast evenly etc . do n't buy it
0 who 's kidding who here ? . this unit from cooking.com is made from china . consider it to be a disposable unit . the threads on it are worthless . i got one single use out of them . i thought it to be a fluke . ordered another one . same thing . frustrated ! i located a german made cast iron rosette iron online , from another reviewer . there is a world of differences , between the $ 10.00 china junk knockoff and the german made one . it is my opinion that the german rosette iron is worth every penny ! the german made cast iron rosette will no doubt be handed down for generations to come . the threads alone are worth the higher price ; however the quality is significantly noticeable . the german made set is a much heavier set than the china made set from cooking.com . it is my opinion that it is worth your time to do a bit more research than for settling for this chinese knockoff . do n't get me wrong - they are still better than aluminum any day of the week - but if you have ever owned an alfred andresen and co cast iron rosette set - you 'll instantly know what i am talking about .
0 waste of money . i am very disappointed in this product . i followed all the `` mfgs . directions '' on how to keep this board in great shape but it did n't matter . the board bowed and cracked after about 2 months ( 30 days over the amazon warranty of course ... . ) it 's so badly curved we are waiting for it to turn into a sphere .
0 sunbeam 4200 smoothie maker . assembling and disassembling this piece of equipment would discourage a person from ever using this item . it is far too complicated and has too many pieces that have to be washed each time it is used and then put back together again . one can expect to spend about 30 minutes to disassemble and reassemble the unit while following the assembly guide . in addition to that drawback , there is n't anything that should be placed in a dishwasher , so it has to be hand-washed and hand dried . an osterizer would be a much simpler and better choice ! ! !
0 disappointing poacher . i purchased this egg cooker specifically for poaching 2 eggs . i used large , farm-fresh eggs . whatever combination of water and timing i tried , i never got a perfectly cooked poached egg . the cuisinart instruction book is confusing in its layout - specifically page 5 . i called cuisinart and after much back and forth , it was determined the eggs i used were too large and the directions were for medium-sized eggs . if considering this machine , be aware you might have to sacrifice the eggs you want to eat .
0 get krups 230-70 egg express egg cooker instead . the cuisinart egg cooker : - over/under cook the eggs according to its measuring cup - plastic tray deforms after it 's heated ( and stays deformed ) - the metal cover burns your hand - is $ 10 more expensive than the krups 230-70 egg express egg cooker , which is a much better product than cuisinar
0 exquisite product -as long as you do n't intend to use it . this stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal ( not silvery plastic ) , and sporting a sophisticated , drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal . it looks equally as impressive in the hippest new york loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of williams-sonoma . however , as is the case when function follows form , this is a horrible blender . do n't get me wrong - i 'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant . but quite frankly , this blender is beyond bad . most unfortunate is the blender 's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand . it seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing ; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor . i suspect that the unit 's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor ; it only supports two speeds : off , and jet-cyclonic . while i admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right , the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing , consistently messy , predictably inconvenient , and potentially dangerous ( as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing ) . the irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward ; and the blender 's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion . in fact , this blender splashes so profusely that it 's nearly unusable . it 's too bad , because superficially , this blender really is quite the objet d'art . but when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance , it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $ 29 oster . if i had to summarize this blender as accurately , succinctly , and fairly as possible , i 'd distill it down to one word - `` regrettable . ''
0 a little disappointed . `` warring '' has a high reputation for being a powerful blender . i purchased because of its reputation . but it turned out to be actually not that powerful and may not be as powerful as the one i had before which only costed $ 30 . so i asked myself why bothered to replace it when the new one , `` warring '' , in fact does not really break ice any better than the cheap ones .
0 rice steamer makes a total mess on counter . this steamer sucks . puts white goo all over the outside of unit and on counter . wish i did n't buy it
0 extremely messy . we lived in asia for five years and we eat a lot of rice . in asia we owned a very cheap rice cooker that worked perfectly well ( but different voltage ) . when we returned to the usa , i purchased the cuisinart 8-cup rice cooker ( crc-800 ) thinking i was getting `` top of the line . '' it made such an enormous mess every time we used it , so i called cuisnart to find out if somehow ( despite meticulous reading of the instructions ) we were doing something wrong . no , it seemed we were doing everything correctly . so we tried a few more times , and then in exasperation returned the rice cooker for a new one . we thought given the generally good quality of cuisinart appliances , this one must be defective . well the new one does the same thing ! i give up . enough of the messes . i got so frustrated i sent cuisinart a picture . c'mon this is not high-tech stuff ! get it right or take it off the market
0 not happy . i would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and immediate delivery . unfortunatly i had to return this item . i havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up . after ironing i could still see a lot of creases . they dont mention about the base being a wood plank either . i have used a simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money . i would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one . but this is just my opinion
0 terrible product ! . do not waste your time in purchasing this product . at first , i thought this would be a great kitchen gadget for making small cones for my kids or when i just want a little treat , but i was wrong . the manufacture did n't think that as soon as the waffles are done , you have to be quick and roll the waffles into cones for it too cool . well , instead of making one , you have to roll three in enough time before it cools . i tried numerous times to roll each one quickly as possible , but by the second one the third waffle is cooled and has not had the chance to be rolled up into a cone . it really is not smart for the manufacture to sell this product , unless it comes with three cone makers to wrap the waffle in . and , to state that you need three people to make it or it will not work . do not bother purchasing this product , unless you are an expert cone maker . i did , however , went ahead and purchased the regular sized cone maker . it is hard to perfect the perfect cone without having a hole at the bottom , but at least i have time to wrap up one cone at a time without having it cool on me to quickly . also , the petite cone waffle maker is rediculously too small to try to wrap . it really is a waste of energy . you could put batter in only one of the cone indentions , and do it one by one if its what you are looking for . that could work . all in all , personally it was n't worth my time and money spent on the thing
0 not what i expected . the item was not what i expected . the description said metal but it should have said `` tin ''
0 cuisinart does not stand behind their products . cuisinart does not stand behind their products . we purchased a 10 pc set and after using the 1  qt pan only once it formed a bubble on the bottom of the pan causing the pan not to lay flat on the stove . this actually renders the pan useless as it does not evenly disperse the heat and takes forever to even heat up . upon notifying cuisinart of the problem this is the response we got : `` thank you for your reply . the cookware does have a limited lifetime warranty against any manufacturing defects . however , if the pot has been over heated or damaged in any way it would not be covered under warranty . you may send the item into us for an evaluation . you may send it to the following address listed below , with a check or money order for $ 7.00 return shipping and we will evaluate the cookware for you : cuisinart corporation 150 milford road east windsor , nj 08520 thank you for your use and interest in cuisinart products . very truly yours , ann marie cuisinart representative '' why should i have to pay for shipping their defective product ? the cost of shipping the product just to have it `` evaluated '' makes it a wiser choice to just forget the warranty and buy a new one . however the wisest choice would be to steer clear of this company 's products altogether . by the way the pan was only used to boil some eggs .
0 beautiful item but not functional . i researched a lot before buying this slow cooker . i have a nesco roaster that i love and use often . i needed a large slow cooker . i started researching . started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot . i wanted a good one . the cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and i thought well even it cooks faster that is fine . i will just watch it until i get used to it and go from there . every dish i have watched..they all cooked in less than half the allotted time . today i made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within one hour . way too hot . i called cuisinart several times and they said i may have a defective unit . well i doubt it . i just think it runs hot . i really was dismayed because i love the size and the design of this cooker . really was not up to par with cuisinart products that i know and love . let me also say that i am a good cook . i feel that i know my way around any appliance . i was not happy that i was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but i was ok to give it a try . it is not at all what i expected . i read the other reviews here and wish i would have taken heed of them . i had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best . if you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker , stop , get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster . you can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen .
0 same problem other people are having . mine did n't hold up either . for what i paid for it , i expected more . one i picked up for around twenty is doing a much better job and lasted through more than four uses .
0 waste of money . i have gone through 2 of these now and both ceramic inserts have cracked in the same place ! cuisinart customer service is not interested in replacing the inserts even though i have only used it 2 times before they cracked and were unusable . i had to send the pot back for replacement and the replacement had the same trouble . my cheap rival crockpot that i had for years before i purchased this one never had problems or i would think that this was operator error . i was really looking forward to using this because i love all my other cuisinart products but i am going today to purchase a nice , inexpensive , reliable rival crockpot .
0 disappointed with the performance . i own many circulon products , but most of which are under the circulon 2 line . so when this 2 pack became available , i went ahead and purchased it . i have only used it to cook eggs on and i must say , i was sorely disappointed by the results . not only did my eggs stick , but i used quite a bit of oil on the 2nd batch to make sure they would n't stick , but they still stuck . my circulon 2 skillet makes far better eggs than this non-stick version and does n't stick ! i 'm not sure what i can use these skillets for now since my main intentions were for fish , eggs and items which have a tendency to stick to the pan . it also left a horrible look on the eggs like the kind on eggs cooked with a teflon pan without oil even though i used quite a bit of oil . highly disappointed and will not purchase the circulon elite line again
0 faulty faulty lids ... three of them . after using my 3 new circulon pots and lids for only 2 or 3 months , all the circulon lids have broken plastic handles , including the lid for this 3 quart sauce pan . first noticed the problem when i got gouged by the broken plastic , i saw that all three circulon lids showed big chunks of plastic off the underside of the plastic handles . i am very careful and do not own a dishwasher . next , i saw that two of the faulty handles now had big chuncks off both ends of the plastic handles . all the breakage occured where the plastic 'cool ' handle attaches to the metal part of the handle . just today , when i removed the hot lid from my toss and turn pan , the black plastic totally came loose from the metal part of the handle ! only fast dancing saved me from this big hot lid falling on my feet . but at last i saw the flaw . instead of these lids having a complete metal handle that is covered with the plastic for cool handling , the metal part only goes up an inch to meet the plastic . the black plastic only overlaps the metal part for a scant half inch or so , causing the more sturdy metal part to undermine the plastic , and eventually causing the chipped plastic to separate from the metal with use . the lids are subjected to steam and heat on a daily basis , so no wonder the plastic broke off , the plastic has no backing . it is just carelessly and poorly attached to less than a half inch of the metal that is attached to the lid . this poorly conceived construction is why the handle broke away entirely after the plastic was chipped , a full metal handle covered with plastic would have been nice for the money spent and prevented the accident where the handle completely separated from the chipped plastic . there is no metal supporting that plastic folks . my enthusiasm for the circulon was originally quite high , but now that i have lidless pots after less than 90 days , i 'm pretty unhappy ! this chipping happened to 3 out of 3 lids ! and the toss and turn lid is almost as expensive as the toss and turn pan ! now , after less than 90 days i must send in the toss and turn lid and my 2 smaller lids with chipped handles that go with the sauce pans . because the toss and turn handle separated and broke away , this is not merely a cosmetic matter . even before the lid handle broke entirely , the broken handles were uncomfortable to use with those sharp broken plastic edges digging into my fingers . sending these lids back will leave me ill equiped in the kitchen after all the money spent to be well equiped . further , i doubt their replacements will be any better , and they will probably need replacement every 90 days ! much as i love the circulon pans , these lids make them a bad purchase . i would not buy this product again . hopefully this review will help you make a good decision about circulon pans and their bad lids
0 poor quality . i own 3 other malibu shores comforter sets and i just love it with no problem . but , with this particular set i 'm so disappointed with the quality of the material is poor , the areas where two materials were sewn together is tearing apart , and the stitchings are coming apart in many different parts of the comforter . not to mention the padding is already separating after two weeks of usage
0 gr8 disappoitment . this set looks gr8 only in the foto . in reality , it has a very dull look . not worth buying . i got 2 queen sets and greatly disappointed with this purchase from amazon ! price is cheap , so is the quality of the comforter set !
0 looks great , but as a toaster much to be desired . i should have simply repaired our old toaster that worked well , and reliably , for eight years . too busy , first i bought a braun toaster ( looked great , had major problems actually toasting ) , then i bought this krup toaster , and guess what , it looks great but has trouble actually toasting . starting with the first piece of toast all is well ( hence two stars instead of one ) . however , after the toaster is warmed up , the timing/heat regulation becomes totally useless . you have to toast , toast again , toast again . fancy digital count-down-timer does n't help much at that point ! in researching toasters , did i mention i should have repaired my old toaster when it broke , i read a review where it was suggested that 'toasters have been around a hundred years , it ca n't be that hard ! ' i thought it funny at the time , but having now spent over $ 150 on two worthless toasters i find myself saying `` toasters have been around for over a 100 years , it ca n't be that hard ! '' i hope braun and/or krup do n't make medical devices or we are in trouble .
0 negative on nordic cake keeper . i put a fairly warm pound cake on the bottom of the cake keeper -- -apparently too warm . cracks developed from opposite edges and met in the middle , creating a separation and thereby rendering the keeper useless
0 bought this and hate it ! . just purchased this blender and am returning it immediately . it has a number of terrible features : it 's very difficult to remove the cover if you have carpal tunnel , arthritis , or weak hands . to change speeds you turn a dial ( as opposed to the buttons on most others ) , which makes for rough transitions . moreover , the dial feels very flimsy and i doubt this machine will last . i purchased this model because i thought its premium price would mean a premium product , but from the plastic gears to the flimsy dial , to the impossible-to-open cover , i hate it . will go back to either an oster or waring , both of which served me well , each for over 10 years .
0 not the same as the cast aluminum rose bundt . i wish i had read the review by mary twain before purchasing the pro form rose bundt . because it was made by nordic ware , i thought it would be the same as the cast aluminum but it 's not . do n't be fooled b/c the cake will not look like a rose . the pan is more shallow and the ring is bigger than the cast aluminum . since i only paid $ 9.99 for this , i did n't want to waste paying for shipping to get a refund
0 item in image is not what you get ! . buyer beware ! the item pictured is not what you will get ! it contains the same information , but it is formatted differently . i asked for a replacement , asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again . what i received was smaller , about 5 '' x 3 '' whereas the image looks taller ( about 4 '' ) . it was stainless steel as advertised . the information was listed in a grid , similar to a spreadsheet . everything was written in caps which make it very hard to read ( there is actually studies confirming this ) . based on the image on the website , the information is the same , but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for . if the formatting is not an issue for you , then these are great . i however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text , the better ! had i received what was pictured , i would have given it 5 stars . i suspect that what i received was the older model and amazon.com is simply getting rid of the older items first .
0 west point stevens rockport full bed in a bag . you get what you paid for . nice pattern , but the bedding is somewhat rough to the touch . would n't give it as a gift
0 worst customer service that i 've ever encountered . to start with , the one-star rating is actually for the customer service department . when it works , the product itself is fine . i bought the unit last christmas and used it frequently until early summer . at that time it began functioning only intermittently , then soon quit altogether . tilia assurred me that it was covered under a one-year warranty , that it would be replaced , and that i need n't return the original unit . our next call was prompted by its failure to arrive in a reasonable time . we were told that they had no replacements , it was back-ordered , and would arrive within several weeks . when it did n't , i called again and was told that the replacements had arrived and would be shipping soon . our next call yielded the information that the replacements had not arrived afterall and that tilia had no idea when they would . the saga continues ... get a food saver -- but from another company rather than tili
0 loved it until it died . we raved about making panini 's . introduced many of our friends to them . then it died without warning in the middle of dinner . we paid $ 80 for the thing too
0 ours died too . we used our beloved panini maker probably once a month or so for about a year , but it died without warning , and way too soon
0 thanks for the reviews . thankyou for the reviews about quality . i wanted to share with krups why i would n't buy there panini maker . but when i tried to email customer service it was to complicated to let them know . i also read there warranty and it appears your grills should be covered under one year . but of course it adds at there discretion . i am still deciding which to get but cuisinart has a 3 year warranty
0 disappointed . very noisy and takes too long to brew . boxed it up to return but i misplaced the packing slip . will keep using mom 's very old corelle electric percolator
0 item turns to rust . this item turned to rust after the first use . i do not recommend this product
0 not a good foam pump . the soap shoots straight out of the pump and can go about three feet . ( children would love this feature . ) you have to hold your hand awkwardly in front of the spout to keep the soap in your hand or pick up the pump and pump it directly into your palm . also the pump sticks and has to be pulled up manually . you can not use this pump with one hand - not good for kitchen use
0 keep away from it . i had one a few months ago . when i filled in water , the water just passed the filter quickly . i was not sure if the water is filtered . one day , i wanted to clean it . i put it in hot water for about 10 minutes . the pitcher was out of shape and i had to discard it . i believe the pitcher was made from cheap materials . i sent an email to the custom no service of brita . i got no response . i will not buy brita products any longer
0 poor quality . i also tried some cotton wamsutta sheets from bed bath , and beyond and they pilled the first time i washed them . i was able to return them to the store , but it was a waste of time . i would n't recommend these sheets or any wamsutta sheets because i think they 're poor quality
0 farberware 8-inch glass lid . did not fit the pot i needed it for . too much money for shipping on small item to justify sending back .
0 package says `` not recommended for left-handers '' . i purchased this knife , and when it arrived , the package said , `` not recommended for left-handers . '' if henckels chooses to design only for right-handed people , that 's their right , but they should disclose it clearly . second , [ amazon.com ] should include such information in their editorial review . i 'm left-handed , and i 'll add this to my can opener and vegetable peeler as one-way kitchen gadgets
0 why should anyone want a waffle baker that works ? . the waffle baker ( formerly waffle iron ) works great . make that 'worked great . ' for an entire month , then it died . it was , of course , under warranty . no problem , we were told , we will ship a new one to your door . great ! we thought . that was three months ago . the latest is the honchos see no reason to hurry ( ! ) our replacement . customer service is hoping -- not guaranteeing , not promising , but hoping -- we will get our replacement in mid-january . if , and it is a very big 'if ' , we get our replacement in january , that will make the score 5 to 1 against us . for six months they will have had our money , and for one month of the six we will have had a functioning waffle baker . it would seem that it is difficult to do much worse than buy a waffle baker that dies after a month with no replacement on the horizon . great when it works , but it does n't work , so how many stars is it really worth ? 2 ? 1 ? none ? a negative number ? and it really was a great toy . drat !
0 unsuitable for brown rice . i spent several hours searching and amp ; researching rice cookers trying to find one that was designed specifically for brown rice . i finally decided on this one because it specifically mentioned brown rice , and had brown rice and quot ; measurements and quot ; which are different than for regular white rice . i am disappointed . first of all , the manual recommends not using the and quot ; keep warm and quot ; function when using brown rice . this means you have to unplug the machine when the cooking cycle is over . this defeats the purpose of an automatic rice cooker . but even this drawback might be acceptable if it did a good job of cooking brown rice properly . it does not . it is either too wet and amp ; mushy , or too dry and burnt . we have been unable to cook a proper batch yet , after much experimentation with slightly more or less water , and using 3 different types of brown rice . look elsewhere , and let me know if you find one that works properly with brown rice
0 warped immediately . the other reviewer was luckier than i was . mine warped immediately , which forced off the end pieces
0 looks nice , but not at all functional . we registered for a set of 10 wmf utensils for our wedding . they look great hanging in our kitchen and most all of the utensils are very functional . however , we are now on our second scooper and it has broken now for the second time . its just not sturdy enough for its intended use ... ice cream
0 attractive , but worthless . the first time i used it , the weld holding the scoop to the handle broke , leaving the scoop in the ice cream and the handle in my hand
0 do not waste your money . this product would not cut through a sweet potato . it barely went through a piece of a regular potato . while cutting through a potato it was bending and felt like it would break . it 's fairly cheap , but you get what you pay for . i ended up using a knife instead . it 's your $ 8.99..
0 worked great until it died - black and decker customer service terrible ! . i loved this iron until it died after owning it for a little over a year . i bought this iron because consumer reports rated it # 1 . it was a great iron while it worked . ( i iron about once a week - sometimes twice a month . ) i 've had irons last for years and i usually get rid of them because they lack the bells and whistles not because they fail to work . black and decker customer service acted like i was the only one whoever had a problem with one of their products and told me to go buy another iron because it was over a year old . i 'm sorry , but i think with light use , an iron should last more than a year . forget black and decker . i 'm trying rowenta or bosch
0 does not work . this unit simply does not do the job . press makes irregular shaped tortillas and they can not be easily removed from the wax paper . better job can be done with 2 dinner plates . save your money
0 base appears to work - but remote is a joke . this is a cheap piece of junk . the base wo n't communicate with the remote even after extensive review of directions and trying different channel selections as directed . the plastic housings are so lightweight i do n't think it 'd survive ordinary outdoor use either . certianly not a drop off your grill . felt like i had to handle it gingerly so i did n't crush it with my hands . this one is going back -sorry az .
0 great device - until the probe fails . if the probe was not so fragile i 'd give this unit 5 stars . the remote works well although i have had it lose contact with the sender if i was out in front of my house ( my grill is on the back deck ) . this is a minor annoyance , but what really ticked me off was that the probe failed ( indicating `` high '' reading ) in conditions where my miu france unit keeps on going . unfortunately the miu france unit does n't have the remote capability . i purchased about 5 extra probes for the taylor unit directly from taylor by mail . but within a few weeks several of those failed . i do n't mind having to replace a probe once in a while but when you have to replace two in one cooking session it gets pretty annoying . i 'd suggest staying away from this unit
0 stay away from this item ! ! ! . i love to grill but i keep my grill a fair distance from my house while cooking so you can imagine the excitment i had in purchasing this item with the wireless transmitter . first , it took more than 1/2 an hour to get the two pieces to communicate with each other . secondly , and worst of all , on just my second attempt using it i was watching my pork roast temperature from the comfort of my kitchen when the temperature value jumped to `` high '' . i immediately went out to check it and the probe is dead ! ! ! there 's no way to purchase a replacement probe so the whole thing is just a fancy kitchen timer ! ! taylor is no help !
0 it 's true : this non-stick pan is not what it pretends to be . this product is a disgrace . nonstick is not one of its virtues , and those who are thinking of purchasing this waste of money should be forewarned . it is not even well designed for broiling with small openings for fat drainage that quickly clog up . i am honestly surprised that amazon would allow such an unworthy product to be sold under its banner
0 mediocre for a krups appliance . it looks like a krups -- what with the stainless steel look and the fancy electronics , but , as a rice cooker , it does not perform as expected . the rice is passable but certainly not the best we 've had - our very old national rice cooker produced better rice . also disappointing is the lack of a retractable electrical cord - winding the electrical cord around a chintzy metal cord holder ( unstrategically located at the bottom of the cooker ) gets old very quickly . lastly , the fancy electronic display is not very informative when cooking rice . ( it may be more helpful when using the appliance as a slow cooker - but we thought we were buying a rice cooker . ) bottom line : it looks like a krups , does not perform like one , and , with all its good looks , is decidedly un-ergonomic in its design . a disappointment . if we could , we 'd return it .
0 wo n't last . all the airbake products i have used thus far have proven awful over time . after only several uses , cookies stick ( even after religious greasing of the sheet ) and the sheets are impossible to clean without scratching or rubbing off the surface . now i have to place a silpat on top to save myself the headache . i 'd save my money and spend it on a heavier duty , higher quality baking sheet .
0 worst brand of bakeware on the market . airbake products are horrible ! i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems . there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans . i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake . buyer beware ! if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
0 beautiful but dangerous : buy for display use only . the fiestaware scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous . the handle is much too small for this size mug . if you can get your finger through the small hole , your finger will soon be as scarlet as the fiestaware . the first and only time my family used these mugs , two of us burned ourselves . fiestaware really screwed up on this one , a shame given the beauty of the scarlet fiestaware
0 vornado should be embarrassed . i love vornado products but this does n't qualify . very little breeze . you have to turn the fan around to turn it off which means that about half the time i get whacked by the cloth blades . it should have a power switch on the cord instead . it 's a trendy gadget that will only please people who are not vornado customers
0 too much resistance . i encounter too much resistance when trying to pull towel out for tearing . there is so much resitance that the base moves , unless i perform the procedure with both hands .
0 terrible-do n't buy . i read all of the reviews and thought this was the paper towel holder for me . boy , was i wrong . it looked beautiful when it arrived and i could n't wait to use it . well , i put on my first roll of paper towels and pulled one off . the racheting system worked ok until it came towards the end of the roll . the racheting stopped and jammed and the paper towels ripped in half instead of where they were supposed to . i am going back to the old paper towel holders that just have a stick holding the roll and not a racheting whisk like bar . jesh , all i want is a paper towel not aggravation . which is what i got with this item
0 do n't waste your money on this product . i bought the villaware double smoothee maker and it was a problem from the moment i pulled it out of the box . first , the silver lable was not glued on the product and would n't stick . next when i made the product using their receipe it would n't dispense from the spout and the spout connecting to the blender leaked . tried calling the seller and emailing them about my problem and they would n't help . i called the manufacture and since i bought it here from a vendor they would help . so ... now ... its in the blender heaven of trash somewhere out there . what a waste of money . thank god for amazon 's abc guarantee ! !
0 i hate it . this attachment vibrates so badly that it about bounces the food processor right off the counter . i love the food processor but i regret having bought the juice extractor
0 i received this as a christmas gift . when i opened the box , i noticed corrosion on the lid . when i contacted rival customer service via email , they told me i had to purchase a new lid . i called and spoke with a customer service representative and they told me that a lid was not covered under warranty . when i explained that i just opened it and it was defective they told me to just return the product that there was nothing that they were going to do . after being treated this way , i will not be purchasing any more rival products if they do n't stand behind their product ! ! ! ! ! very very poor customer service
0 incorrectly packaged . when i received this item it was packaged with the wrong power cord , which did n't fit the unit . so i was n't even able to use this unit .
0 weak coffee - looks very cool - do n't buy if you like strong coffee . i have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee . i do n't know how many different pods i have tried but the thing just ca n't make a strong cup . i have tried 2 pods - i have even tried making my own pods . if you try to jam too much coffee in it , it leaks and will try to pop it 's head off . i have not done the proper `` priming '' that folks have mentioned and i also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort . am going to try to return it because it is just too expensive to make a wimpy cupa joe
0 not that great ! . my husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient , and with different schedules , easier to brew one cup at a time . it worked fine at first , but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter . this has happened to both my husband and me so it 's not bad technique on our parts . we follow directions exactly , but we keep having to stop it , open the lid , check the pods , reclose the lid and try again . this takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter . this just is n't acceptable , but it 's mostly plastic so probably to be expected . we have used other pods besides the senseo pods ( which do n't produce good coffee ) but that should n't be an issue as they 're all the same size . anyway , we 're trashing it and have ordered the bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job . i 'll let you know in a future review . my advice on this one is either do n't buy it or if you do , based on other positive reviews , keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning
0 a total piece of crap . given as a gift - same story : the fact that i primarily used high heat , it did n't last past 6 months . all-clad said too bad after i emailed them , and called them several times leaving messages - took them 3 months to get back to me , and then that was it . i will never buy all-clad ever again ! !
0 hard to rate . this item was ordered 1/4/06 it is now 2/25/06 and has not yet been shipped . hard to rate the item , but for sure you can see the rating for delivery
0 not up to calphalon standards . i purchased these pans based on my previous positive experiences with calphalon cookware -- have tons of it , but i experienced the same problem as two other reviewers -- that is , the slumping in the middle . i have been cooking for over 30 years and have never experienced this problem , especially since i have a new kitchen-aid convection oven . also , the and quot ; non-stick and quot ; is not so and quot ; non-stick and quot ; . at their prices , i think they have a little work to do to meet other calphalon products
0 very disappointed ! . i am sorry to say that i was not satisfied with this pan at all ! the cakes i bake are browning , even burning on the edges before the middle is even done ! the edges are rising but the middle is and quot ; slumping and quot ; down . i own the calphalon cookware and that is nice but they have a stinker in their bakeware . my recommendation= look at a different pan
0 poor pour . yes , it looks good in my blue kitchen . but the water does n't pour cleanly out of the spout - it 's more like uncontrollable spewing , even when `` poured '' slowly , and boiling water splashes all over the counter . also very difficult to fully empty . sorry i threw out the box , or i 'd send back
0 burns toast . this toaster at the lowest setting of 1 burns my toast . it also burned one side of a frozen bagel when i put it on defrost . further , when plugged in , the dial is lit up by a red light . it makes me feel like the toaster is on , and needs to be turned off . i have to keep reminding myself that it is okay . if i can find the box , i 'll probably return it . maybe i just got a dud , since most reviews here are goo
0 very disappointed ! ! ! . i have been grinding my own coffee beans every morning for many years and have gone through quite a few different grinders . i have always loved cuisinart products and was very excited to purchase this one , what a mistake ! the grinder itself is really noisy and heavy for it 's size . the coffee grinds are never fine enough for my liking and they get stuck up inside the plastic top , making a huge mess and wasting a lot of coffee . do not waste your time or money on this one ! !
0 grounds for disappointment . i was excited to upgrade to this coffee grinder after years of using a cheap krups model , and i have to say that i am very disappointed with the way this machine grinds coffee . it takes way too long to grind , whether pulsing or grinding continuously . and then the grounds are very uneven . although the manufacturer says it is grinding slowly to keep the flavor in , every coffee expert i 've consulted with says the longer coffee grinds , the more it heats up and the more flavor is lost . even after long grinding , there are large pieces of bean still visible . i was also excited about the machine 's detachable bowl , which does make for easy cleaning . but only of the bowl . the rest of the machine is a pain to clean and no matter how carefully you remove the top , your counter is covered in grounds . i bought a second bowl so that i could grind spices in the same machine , and i think the coffee grinder works better on spices and seeds ( such as flax ) than it does on coffee . but you still have to clean the entire thing before reusing it , or your spices have a strong coffee flavor from the grounds that are stuck to the protective case . ( that plastic case does make grinding quieter , however . ) all in all i 'm quite disappointed with this purchase . i should have gone farther upscale and gotten a more serious burn grinder , or stuck with my cheap krups with the slanted bowl base which made even grounds quickly .
0 quality of this product does not match cuisinart 's reputation . cuisinart is one manufacturer that has capitalized on its brand name and produced this inferior product . my criticisms of this machine : 1 . its heavy and relatively large . it is awkward to place in and remove from a cabinet , and so it remains on the counter top where it takes up precious real estate with its large footprint . 2 . it 's slow . with its weight , you would think the grinder would have a powerful motor that would quickly grind coffee . it does not . it takes a very long time to grind the coffee . 3 . the grind is uneven and actually clumps . the grind is fine at the bottom and course and clumpy at the top . the finely ground coffee sticks to the bottom of the bowl below the blade . i must use a finger to remove the ground coffee or pound the bowel against the palm of my other hand . pulsing makes no difference . grinding a full bowl improves the performance somewhat . yet , grinding beans for up to minute still does not produce a grind fine enough for even a cone filter . espresso is out of the question . 4 . i invariably spill ground coffee on the counter top no matter how carefully i remove the lid . although the grinder looks cool with its stainless steel finish and it has a larger bowl than most blade grinders , those two alone do not even come close to overcoming its other deficiencies . surely there must be better blade coffee grinders on the market
0 mislabeled size . the 4-cup coffee press is in actuality just 2 cups . the number of ounces is not listed in the sales blurb ... what we wanted was 4 cups at 8 ounces each . the 4-cup coffee press is just a bit over 16 ounces . while it says so on the lid of the box it came in , the ounce-capacity is not in the amazon listing . ... so we returned it..
0 filters do n't fit . the replacement filters for the sv726 do not fit and are not the same shape as the filter that came with the shark vac
0 buy boxes instead . 50 % of the bags leak . the plastic is thin and rips easily . do n't even think about using these for uder the bed storage . the bags will get tears on them if you just breate on them heavy .
0 way too thin ! . this product was horrible . i ordered a queen size and expected a huge box to arrive carrying such . however , it was so small that a pair of shoes could have fit in it . when i took the featherbed out of the box , it was terribly thin . i currently have a featherbed and it is nice and fluffy . this item unfortunately felt as though i was simply lying on a blanket .
0 they just increased the price . it 's 54.99 in last week , i 'll wait till the price drop bac
0 water tastes good , but watch out for the lid . the only thing i do not like of this pitcher is its lid . the lid is not quite sealed so that the water could leak from the back and wet your sleeve . even worse , sometimes the lid fell off . you have to be careful while using it . not recommend
0 west bend triple timer . i used a west bend triple timer for about 25 years and was well satisfied with it . it had a loud alarm . the new model has a clock ( not very useful ) , a stop watch function ( moderately useful ) and a triple timer function ( fairly useful ) . unfortunately the timer functions are more difficult to set than on the older unit . the alarm is very weak , very difficult for me to hear . i am looking for another alarm .
0 so bad i threw it away . i saw the 3-star reviews here , but decided to ignore them as this pan was on sale for a very good price . that was a big mistake . 1 . the first problem is with the size of the muffin cups -- they are significantly more shallow than in a typical mini-muffin pan . 2 . the silicone warped from the heat while in the oven , spilling the meager contents of the tiny cups over the edges , making flat , crooked , ugly muffins . 3 . the silicone did not release the muffins easily . i did spray it with nonstick spray before filling , and allowed the muffins to cool completely before i tried to get them out . i did n't even bother to try and wash it , so i do n't have any comment about the ease of washing . i wo n't be wasting any more time and ingredients in it , so i threw it away . i wish i could get my money back . this is not the quality you would expect from kitchenaid
0 never again for this skillet . if i could give no stars for this , i would . i 've been using electric skillets for more years then i care to say . i love cooking with them and when my last one simply wore out from so much use , i bought this one . what a mistake . after only minimal use , the middle of the pan began to burn extra hot and all the food was sticking and burning . then the coating began to peel from the pan . the middle began to buldge slightly so the surface was not flat for even frying . what a nightmare ! ! this pan was less then two months old ! and i do know how to treat and cook with electric skillets - just in case you were thinking i did something to cause this . i have never been so disappointed in a product before . however , it did have a new place in our home - the trash can . guess i should have read the reviews first . now that was my mistake ! !
0 not that great . i 'm an old hand with kettles , i thought i 'd give this one to my spouse for our anniversary , but it was a bit of a dud . when the kettle was ready to boil the lid would fall down , steam would go everywhere . and it would often take ages to turn itself off . looked great but ... think i 'm going to get the braun instead
0 sheds like a mother ! . after 5 washings , these towels still shed like a mother . grrr
0 how can a coffee maker be this bad ? . when i received this coffee maker , it worked long enough for me to run water through it to clean it out , then then heating element stopped working . it took numerous calls to braun , then of course i had to pack it up and ship it off . several weeks later it was returned to me and once again , it worked one time . again , it took several phone calls and i had to pack it up and send it off again . i received a new unit that does indeed heat up , but has several other problems . the drip shut-off mechanism stopped working after a couple weeks , the permanent filter allows grounds to get into the coffee , and if one uses a paper filter , it tends to overflow the filter basket . this is the worst coffee maker i 've ever owned
0 too poorly made for everyday use . we have a full line of fiesta dishware and thought having the matching flatware would be nice . after a year of standard use and dishwashing , about 1/3 of the flatware is unusable . the upside is that it is cheap and replaceable . but count me among those who would rather pay more for something that lasts . we are in the process of ditching the fiesta flatware line and moving to something more robust . pros : retro stylish . inexpensive compared to quality flatware . cons : very poorly made , expensive if you need to replace 1/3 of flatware ever year
0 bought them , returned them . the pepper lid seemed a little loose and i worried that it would fall off , dumping pepper everywhere . i probably would have kept them anyway because they are nice looking and a decent price , but i could n't get the lid off the salt shaker at all
0 i was not impressed . i ended up giving it to salvation army . takes more than one cake mix . more like 1 and a half to fill it up . i did n't think it was worth the money .
0 where the x # @ % and ^* is the gasket ? . look , the product plainly reads `` oster blender blade with gasket '' and the package that was delivered is titled `` processing unit with sealing ring '' . the blade was in the package but there was no sealing ring/gasket to be found . i 'm sure there is the possibility that i got the one defective package off the line but what kind of quality assurance is that ? ! i 'm not telling anyone to buy or not buy this product but just be aware that you may have a problem . i now need to buy a whole separate gasket which maybe costs all of $ 1.50 and will pay shipping of probably $ 3 .
0 disapointed . this product will not work with home vacuum sealers that use a textured bag . this is a thin plastic sheet on a roll . you have to cut , fold and seal the sides of the plastic sheet .
0 not very useful - stainless mesh strainers are better . this gadget is better than nothing as a sink strainer ( unlike the miserable sinktastic , which i find hopelessly misdesigned ) but it 's still far inferior to any good stainless steel mesh strainer . ( do a web search for `` sink mesh strainer '' . ) this one slides around on top of the sink drain , letting gunk slide in around it . yet it 's impossible to pick up without using your ( ewww ) fingernails . and those fingernails will be picking up a rusting metal edge , if yours grows old at all like mine did . well , `` grows old '' is overly charitable to this cheaply finished thing . i think i used mine for maybe the equivalent of 30 full kitchen hours before the paint along the edges began to chip and the underlying metal began to severely corrode . one way this might be made reasonably useful is if you sealed it in place with a waterproof nontoxic silicone caulk so it did n't move around . then you could scrub it right there in the sink and never deal with prying it out for cleaning etc . yechhh ...
0 terrible pan - does not do what it claims . i totally agree with the previous reviewer . this pan is terrible . i also ended up with only tops . i suppose you could put paper muffin cups in , but what would be the point of buying this pan then ? ? ? also , these do not nest like a regular metal pan ( the sled takes up a lot of room ) . do not buy this
0 defective right out of the box . i received the gelato maker in the mail and was eady to try it out . got all the ingredients together and in the bowl and loaded it into the machine . i turned on the machine as per the directions and it beeped and flashed at my just like it is supposed to do when it has been on too long and the machine is freezing up . i was not very happy with this predicament at all
0 flimsy crap not worthy of cuisinart brand . mine died after 6 months - half the heating elements stopped working , toasting only one side of the bread . took it apart - no loose or broken wires , so must have been the circuitry . chucked it in the garbage . while it was working , it would jam easily . the push-down handle has a flimsy metal tang that twists easily ( when kids or oafish adults use it ) . the tang then rubs against the slot , incinerating the toast
0 very upset cuisinart customer . i have always had a percolator so having cuisinart products and another percolator by them i ordered this one . i received it the first of sept. 2006 and on nov. 10 plugged it in , it sparked at the pot and that was it gone ! ! i am sick about this as i had thought cuisinart was a step above the rest
0 beautiful heirloom bloom dinnerware . i am very pleased with the dishes . years ago i owned corelle dishes , and am now wondering why i went the way of the heavier dishes . they do n't scratch or take up a lot of space . i bought two sets . i love love the colors and my table settings are so nice to look at , especially since i purchased table mats with big orange blooms to put the dishes on and celery napkins to match . it really makes for a beautiful table . i get compliments all the time . i was also very pleased with how quickly i received the dishes - in about 3 days . i am always happy with my purchases made through amzon.com
0 poor color transfer on cups . i expected the dishes to be more substantial . the plates are very light and thin , more like melamine in feel . the colors on the dinner plates and bowls are like in the pictures seen on the internet so they are what i expected . very disappointed with the cups- i bought two sets , and only 1 of the 8 cups had almost the same color intensity as the dinner plates-the others were so faded ( kinda like when your color cartridge in your computer is outta ink ) they looked like , either rejects , or they had gone through a heavy load dishwash 100 time
0 totally useless . we bought this to use at events for a chocolate-themed group at college , and used it several times before giving up . the cord is in the way , you need a shallow dish to pour the batter into so you can dip the crepe maker , and the crepes tend to fall off half-baked . we eventually gave up -- -now we just put chocolate on waffles
0 ironing pad/cover is incorrectly described . the pad sent to me did not match the description or photo . the neck on the pad is very narrow . the photograph depicts a different type of ironing board than the one the cover actually fits . i bought two of these and had to return them both as they did not fit the board . i was stuck paying the shipping , thus penalizing me for a product that was misrepresented
0 defective . arrived defective , right out of the box . will not oscillate ; something inside is obviously amiss.so why even bother with it
0 poor air movement . the other reviews are correct , except they fail to mention that the fan does not move air.that is why it is so quite.i do suppose that i got 13 dollars worth of fan though.think twice about purchasing this fan
0 disappointing . difficult to start and difficult to maintain flame . would think twice before buying again . especially difficult if one is left handed
0 design flaw in oxo knives . my son , who is a culinary graduate , purchased a set of oxo knives for me as a gift . i know they were not inexpensive . however , within a year , three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use . while the grips are quite nice , the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen . they should be removed from the market . in all three cases , the blades flipped upwards during slicing .
0 paring knife is so dull i could n't stand it . sorry to disagree with other reviewers , but my experience of the paring knife was that it 's perhaps the softest metal i 've ever seen used in a knife , and as a result , it 's not very sharp and does n't improve if you try sharpening it . my friend , a fellow cook who got it as a gift , does n't like it ; i hated it and would never choose to use it . there 's a reason the price is so low
0 do n't waste your money ! . this grinder worked well for about two months before the internal spring that holds the nutmeg in place became loose . now there is so little pressure against the nutmeg , that the blade can no longer do any grinding . in addition , the size and shape of the entire mill are awkward for my small hands . i regret not having read the other reviews before buying this .
0 does n't work well . this product has a cute name , but it is very difficult to use . i constantly have to take the nutmeg out and re-adjust it . larger nutmegs do not fit in the storage area . it 's a lot of work to get a little bit of nutmeg - disappointing
0 not happy with this toaster - many problems . received this toaster as a christmas present in 2004 . from day one i was not very happy with it . the knobs and temperature control are difficult to use - sometimes it would bake good , other times it would not . about 6 months ago i noticed the numbers were rubbed off of the timer dial . about 3 months ago the timer dial became loose and it was difficult to set the time . today the timer dial broke off completely . so i got about a year and a half of poor use out of it . so , do n't purchase this product , it is not worth it .
0 i 'm sure they are nice ... unfortunately , i ordered these twice and received rectangular bakers instead . this was *not* amazon 's fault , but emile henry 's for mislabling the box as oval bakers when they were not . in fairness to amazon , they tried to make it right but had a difficult time doing so since the contents of the box were mislabled . althought i would have preferred the oval bakers , i kept the rectangular ones and do like them
0 worst coffee maker i had . it is really the worst coffee maker i had . it is too slow , the automatic stopper always breakes and the coffee pot is useless , because you can not pour in a cup without making a mes
0 does not fit the professional 5 qt . series . the professional 5 qt . series has a wider bowl than the regular 5 quart . i was given no info . that it would not fit this model . i was dissapointed as i feel this attachment would be helpfu
0 bad quality control . i bought this item for my daughter for christmas and after she removed it from the box i took a look at it to check it over and i discovered there was missing paint where the band is that goes around the top of the mixer . do i get the feeling that the mixer i purchased was a defect . i ordered another one for my other daughter and i will have her check that over also . i am not happy with this and i will have to look into this matter
0 stop ! ! ! ! ! . i was so excited when i found a contemporary stainless pattern to add to my gift registry . when i received the 20 piece set at a shower i was very ecited until i washed them and never got to eat off them because they rust ! ! ! ! i called gourmet settings and they are sending me another set but i am removing the 45 piece set from my registry . i will use them for picnic silverware not dining roon silverware
0 this item is missing . i have tried to purchase this item since may 2006 . without explanation , after my order was processed and i was given a date of delivery the order was cancelled and i received a notice that the board was not available . how strange is that ? if you call the company they tell you the item is availble through amazon . would really like to understand what has happened . i feel somewhat less unhappy since i read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost .
0 nowhere near as good as genuine wusthof or henckels ... i recently got this set and the 2 piece carving set of the same series . i know i should not have expected much for this great price , but the knives do not have anywhere as good a feel as the classic line of wusthof or the henckels 4 or 5 star knives . they are very light in weight , mostly due to the handles . much better than a target or kmart knife , and great to start , but i expect to switch mine out with 'real ' knives as my budget will allow
0 imagin driving on a hwy full of bumpers . i do not think any human being can fall asleep on this trash . actually i can not even lie on this for more than 1 minute and i feel low back pain . it has good material but poor design .
0 do not recommend . i baked two batches of madelines side by side , one in this pan ( set on a baking sheet ) , and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating . i brushed both pans with canola oil before using . as per the package instructions , i allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them . the madelines in the traditional pan released easily , were golden and high , and had a pronounced design . the other batch were almost soggy ( probably from cooling in the pan ) , flat , pale , and did not have the appearance of a madeline . to make matters worse , they did not release easily , and a few of them even broke as i attempted to remove them . i would not recommend this pan
0 too slow . what the heck is going on ? i ordered this item 3 weeks ago , it has not delivered yet . so i ca n't even make a review on this item
0 what is the world coming to ... ? ? ? . why do manufacturers always have to change a good thing ? i had a rival crockpot for over 12 years . it always worked great . the idea behind a crockpot is to cood slow and low . my old rival cooked at 150 degrees on the `` low '' setting . i use the old rival all the time , and decided to get a second one so i could use them both simutaneouly and cook two recipes at the same time . i looked at the reviews for the electronic rival models . everyone said they cooked too hot . so i finally purchased this 6.5 quart model with the simple knob control . well , i filled the crockpot full of 8 lb.s of chicken . the next morning , i could smell the burning food . i looked in the pot , and the chicken was boiling on the `` low '' setting . so , the next night i filled it full of a vegetable soup recipe . the next morning , the soup was boiling over ... again on the `` low '' setting . the veggies were overcooked and mushy . i measured the temperature and it was 195 degrees . i wo n't buy anymore rival products . i only gave this 2 stars because i guess you could conceivably use it to make soup ... if you 're willing to stand over it and turn it off when it starts to overboil
0 cheap but ... flimsy . mine started rusting after 2 months . but then again , what can one expect for this price
0 joint broken after 3 uses . although this grill has all the design elements i wanted - easy to use , quick to clean , and very compact , it is very cheaply made . after just 3 uses , one of the joints that adheres the top to the bottom broke . had i not reacted quickly , i would have been burned . we were very fortunate that our child was kept away from ever using it . upon close examination , we found the weak joint to be made of some sort of brittle , composite material , not metal . it 's such a disappointment to see such a terrific design implemented so poorly .
0 do n't waste your time . good idea bad product . worked great 2 weeks . magnets fell off end of week 2 . probe quit week 3 . costs more to return for repair than it is worth
0 not a quality product . this thermometer is very cheaply made . it feels flimsy and the magnets on the back wo n't hold it secure on a metal surface
0 beautiful but not reliable . i honestly liked the blender a lot . i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen 's kitchenaid appliances -- range , refrigerator , dishwasher , pretty much everything other than the toaster oven . at the time , there could be no better blender . it looked great . it promised professional performance . it had kitchenaid 's brand and durability behind it . i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie . there is some amount of ice crushing required , but that should n't be an issue . i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user . so , 3 years after i got the blender , i went to turn it on and it is completely dead -- no light on the on button . changed outlets and still nothing . it 's done . what an incredible dissappointment . but , it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool ( ? ) . first , my dishwasher broke ( 3 repair jobs ) then my stand mixer 's seals are loose . i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing , i got no where . the fridge has minor issues ( loose rails , pieces not refitting ) and is probably the best of the lot . i did some research . apparently , kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products . so , realistically , there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they do n't make much of anything . everything is just a re-branded product . whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it . from a once kitchenaid loyalist , avoid this product -- yes it 's beautiful but it 's not going to last . avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
0 hot grinds and hot coffee spewin ' action ! . well , i ca n't say that i did n't like this thing at first . it came with a little scoopy to dig out your coffee beans and grinds . at first it seems like a nice little unit . i poured a pot of water into it in order to do away with any oils left over from manufacturing . i say you should run 3 pots of water through it before use ( filterless of course ) . after a few uses , i noticed that the carafe does spill out onto the counter if you do not pour slowly . if you want your coffee now and have no time to pour , do n't get this item . after having this machine for 3 weeks now , and using it constantly every morning , i have finally decided that it is near total crap . i just made a pot of coffee this morning when the machine decided it would spurt some hot air and amp ; water which caused the grinds blow all over the place . spilling out of the top onto the carafe and drooling hot coffee and grinds all over the counter . how nice . if you 're going to buy a cheap coffee maker , spend the extra 5 or 6 dollars and get a semi-decent one . toastmaster should stick to toasting . if you do decided to get this , buy some towels and a mop as well
0 makes the dog bark ! . i should have listened to the other reviews ! point 1 . this machine is not only just `` noisy '' , it continues to be loud , intermittently ! picture this : you are sipping your hot drink while reading the newspaper , relaxed , the house quiet , when like a knife cutting the silence , a loud grinding sound flies from the kitchen , your dog starts howling and barking , you jump and relaxation is out the window ! it `` recycles '' as long as you leave it on . point 2 . it took me two cycles ( 20 minutes ) before the stuff was hot enough for me . i like beverages to be as hot as coffee . point 3 . take out your best scrubber and roll up your sleeves ! ! for every use , you have to scrub the thick coating off the bottom of the non-immersable pitcher plus totally take apart the spout , clean it and put it back together ( it has 5 parts ) . hope you have time for this ! point 4 . froth ? what froth ? that 's froth ? ? stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that . final analysis : i can make the same thing in the microwave with less cleanup
0 lasted 18 months . liked the product when it was working . i used the machine about 4 times a week for 18 months . it will mix the ingredients but does not heat up the drink any more
0 very disappointed . i should have listened when the other reviewers said to stay away from this steamer . now i wish i had spent the extra $ 60 and gotten one from jiffy . the box the unit arrived in was pretty beat up and did not look like it had been professionally taped . it definitely looked like it had been returned by another customer , and lucky me , i got sloppy seconds . i read the instructions and assembled it carefully , but the performance is just awful . even after letting it heat up for two minutes and then holding the trigger for 30 seconds , as the instructions indicate , it lets out a pathetic gasp of steam . additionally , it sprays out great gobs of water all over the clothes , and i do n't mean a few spots of water like you get with any steamer
0 amazon is cheating . never trust them . never . i ordered this stupid thing one month ago and they delayed multiple times and kept saying delay . these things will never come . so never expect cheap things from amazon although they tried very hard to convince you to wait .
0 i 'm so disappointed . for fifteen years i 've talked about getting a good stand mixer and my sweet husband went out and bought me this one . he bought it on sale at cosco last spring , then stored it until we moved back to the states from europe and gave it to me as a housewarming gift in nov . i 've used it a few times but the paddle and whisk do n't reach the bottom of the bowl and the screw meant for adjustment will not tighten any further . i ca n't get into the bowl at all while it is in the upward position ... to scape or to add ingredients . i like to make crepes , which calls for adding sifted flour gradually over eggs while beating . it 's impossible with this machine . i get a gluey mass at the bottom of the bowl , unmixed ... and the batter is full of lumps . if i want to scape the bowl , ( which is frequently necessary since the paddle or whisk does n't reach all the way to the sides of the bowl ) i have to stop the machine and lower the bowl each time , and even then , with the paddle or whisk attached , it 's not easy to reach the sides of the bowl towards the back . you ca n't turn the bowl without removing it from the stand completely . you have to yank on the bowl and lift at the same time to remove it from the stand . this takes a fair amount of force to maneuver . it 's impossible to remove the paddle or whisk without first letting it drop completely into the batter . the speeds are not variable enough . it seems to be either ploddingly slow or so fast that any liquid or flour flies out . it 's a monumental disappointment and i 'm frustrated because it 's been so long since he bought it , i ca n't imagine they would allow it to be returned . so , i still mix everything by hand or use my stick mixer and feel crumby about the big white doorstop taking up counter space
0 do n't order from target ! . rating should be `` 0 '' but that was n't a choice . i ordered this item at beginning of july pending move to a place that did n't have a dishwasher . they backordered it until august 10 . so i waited and did n't have sanitized dishes in the meantime for myself and my 12 pets . then , on august 9 , they sent me an email saying `` we ca n't get this item , we 're cancelling the order . '' i have gone 5 weeks without a dishwasher ! now i have to go find another online store to order from . target may advertise the cheapest price but they do n't deliver
0 junk ! . this thing is a piece of junk ! it 's the only blender i 've ever seen that comes with a `` stir stick '' to unclog the sides of the jar ( where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades ) . this should have been a clue that the thing was n't very well designed , and it was n't . it always needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie , several times , which made the process a real pain . also , the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty . except for the jar it 's pretty cheap plastic . but it 's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months . good riddance
0 pure junk ! . the `` brushed chrome '' is plastic . the spout leaks , and the motor burned out in one week . on top of that the store where i purchased it , kitchen kapers would n't let me return it saying it was n't designed for drinks that require crushing ice . why then do some of the recipes in the manual call for ice cubes ?
0 be cautious when purchasing . i had received this set for my birthday from a friend . when we unpacked the set we noticed the 8 quart pot was scratched on the interior . this made the non-stick aspect of the pot worthless . i gave the pots back to my friend and he returned them to amazon and had a new set sent out . when we received the new set the 8 quart pot again had scratches inside the pot . i thought i would contact calphalon to inquire about the damage and see what they had to say . i called the calphalon customer service number but was on hold for so long i gave up . in retrospect i would spend the extra money and stay away from the non-stick surfaces with teflon coating which are prone to scratch easily . if you get the calphalon one infused-anodized pans which you will never have to replace let alone deal with the lack of customer service . remember the old saying `` you get what you pay for . '' i do n't think these non-stick pans will look very good after a years worth of use . if you do choose to buy these pans examine them when you open the box for damage
0 discovery ! . after many years of buying and discarding inferior knife sharpeners i have finally found one that sharpens even my dullest knives .
0 low quality product . this is a poorly made product . after a few months of use , the blade broke off . the handle is hard , brittle plastic covered with soft plastic . the blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit . the results were inevitable . pure junk
0 hot plate and air bubble issues . we have had the coffee maker about 2 months . it makes good coffee but if you pour water too quickly into the left side of the reservoir you get air bubbles in the water level indicator . told to pour on the right side ... the heating plate covering has come off on about 1/2 of the surface . what gives with that ? ? ? time to take it back and get another machine
0 coffee tastes bitter . we had a krups for about 4 years at the office and the coffee was good . we needed to replace it because the carafe broke and there was no replacement available ( they discontinued the model and the carafe - thanks krups ) . so , we replaced it with the fm4 . i did n't like the coffee from the start - but i figured it would get better . two weeks later , i dumped it for a bunn b10-b which got good ratings here . get the bunn - it makes a good cup of coffee . we always use starbuck 's coffee
0 tomato killer . my wife stopped me punishing any more innocent tomatoes when the oxo mandoline , my chopping board and the kitchen floor and walls were dripping with red 'stuff ' . captain correlli could not have played this gadget . it is totally useless and now resides half way up one of our trees 50 metres from our kitchen door
0 i do n't understand this product . you have the bottom of the pan clad in stainless steel ... the advantage of that ? you can dishwasher stainless . but you ca n't dishwasher nonstick ! you just have the disadvantage of slower heating than you would with straight aluminum underneath . and then you put teflon on something that costs over $ 100 ... the pan will last 50 or more years , the nonstick about five if you use it lightly and do n't let some idiot put metal on it ever . there 's no indication that they will resurface your pan either ... the warranty just covers defects , not use . i think this is very wasteful economically , if not environmentally ( because it is a massive yet not durable product , even if you recycle it ) . you can get a cheaper nonstick that will serve you for the five years just fine ( e.g . calphalon commercial ) , and better you can get this pan without the teflon and learn how to season your own cookware and make it even more nonstick than this can ever be and yet utterly indestructible , even with metal utensils . people will only buy this for the looks . after all , they do n't know how to cook anyway
0 save your money ! ! ! ! . you are better rolling your windows down ! this thing does not work . i have a sharper image one that is alot better . this one is a generic imitation that does not clean the air . crap ! ! ! ! !
0 glass bottomed sieve . indeed , there is a glass bottom , the walls are nonstick , there are even two nice handles . the seal between the actual pan and the glass bottom leaks something terrible if you use it in a bain marie . apart from that though , it 's fine
0 very poor quality . the spoon handle is crooked and there are marks/damage to the wood . avoid
0 horrible bakeware . i bought 2 sets expecting them to be as good as the other corning products i have used for over 30 years . 1 piece cracked in half while cooking vegetable in the microwave and one piece cracked in half while baking chicken in the oven ! i wrote to the company and they have not responded
0 thin thin thin thin thin . these are substandard thin towels . they are cheap . the current price is far too much to pay , and they should be about a buck each . they are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin . i find the pictures here deceptive ... there is nothing here that you ca n't find in your grocery store cheaper .
0 sheds like a mother ! . after 5 washings , these towels still shed like a mother . grrr
0 cooks only meats well ; cleaning is a real bear . i bought this with a lot of expectations hoping to cook indoor healthy grilled meats during winter . as soon as i saw the pan i was a little disappointed with the ridges . they are deep ( which is good ) but very thin and not thick as it appears in the product photos . so your meats will be less brown . after rubbing it with a litlle oil before cooking i set out to make my first set of turkey burgers . now the way i make my burgers is by adding some chopped onions , garlic , and green chillies to the ground meat . that is where the pan gave problems . the meat cooked ok but the small pieces of chopped onions , garlic , and chillies that fell out of the patties got burnt very fast and stuck to the pan making it difficult to clean . i spent about 20 mins cleaning each time . for cooking meat that is seasoned only this pan may be ok. for me it is sitting in the closet after two tries . i did not return it because the shipping costs would have made returning it too expensive in itself . update ( 12/18/2004 ) i bought a hamilton beach 31603 electric grill for around $ 20 which is tremendous . it is non-stick , dish-washer compatible and cooks great .
0 do n't buy this . i got this with my food saver . it cracked in just a few uses . i 'm not pleased with jardian either . i was injured and ca n't talk when i tried to turn in a complaint by email . they said i needed to get a friend or family member to call them on the phone in order to get help . what ever happened to equal access for the handicapped ? maybe we handicapped should take our business elsewhere
0 not of good quality . i was not happy with this item at all . the pillowcases are really thin and after washing and drying them , they are extremely wrinkled . they also had `` pills '' on them after washing them before they were even used . very unsatisfactory
0 sorry i got it . read the one review , five stars , have no clue as to why.it is a piece of junk.first the handle closes on my fingers continously , next it barely heats , even on high , very poor steam.the teflon soleplate is rough and drags on the fabric.i wasted my money on a piece of trash from china . hope this does someone some good.bewar
0 hard to turn . i realize i 'm in the minority here , but i do not find this can opener comfortable to use . the crank does have a `` good grip '' , but i 'm not trying to grip it , i 'm trying to turn it . i do this by putting my right thumb under the near end and pushing up , with my index finger on the far end pushing down . the knob 's shape ( relatively short , fat in the middle and tapering to rounded ends ) makes this cumbersome and tiring . it does open cans cleanly most of the time , but if i 'm opening a large can or several cans , i reach for my old basic swingaway ( which sells , incidentally , for less than half the price of this oxo )
0 not as shown . image is not the cover we received and needed . color was correct . the product seemed to be good quality . very disappointed it was not what we thought it was . still shopping for a cover to fit a board as shown . poor marketing
0 not so good . i received this saute pan for xmas . i have other caphalon ( no-stick ) pans and was delighted , based on claimed attributes of their top-of-line pan . however , my pan did not have a flat bottom which is a problem on an electric range . i returned to caphalon and hav'nt heard a thing . i tired to claim lost but ups has proof of delivery - i would like to get a known reliable brand . i dislike poor products , am extremly disappointed with the service and total inconvience of the warranty program .
0 does n't open everything . i love oxo products for the most part but this product just is not well designed . it does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use . my husband and i have arthritis and i was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble . the opening is way too big to accomplish that so , back it went to the supermarket . i had hopes this oxo product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it does n't , i am rating this only one star .
0 deadly knife . i have a dead knife . this is a dangerous knife . as i was cutting something the handle and knife broke . i was only cutting cheese . this should not happen with a good knife . i loved it until it almost caused me major damage . so be careful with this one
0 not as sturdy as it looks ... i am a man who loves his tea . i drink up to a dozen cups a day , so i use my tea ball quite frequently . my major complaint with most tea balls , and the reason i must always replace them is that eventually the clip begins to not fasten securely . over time this gets worse , and the tea ball becomes unusable . there are other balls with clips that are a bit more sturdy . i just got this tea ball in the mail a week ago , and while it is still usable , the clip is already losing its grip . look somewhere else for a tea ball .
0 worse frying pan i ever bought . if you like scrapping food out of the bottom of a frying pan then this is the one to buy ! adding oil or cooking sprays did not help , even bacon slices stick to this pan ! i finally gave up and purchased a professional non stick frying pan and love it . this pan is going in my next garage sale
0 delonghi service and quality stinks . i bought a machine similar to this one late last year - it broke after about 30 cups . the 'tap ' for the steam jammed . i 'm still waiting for the repaired machine to be returned after 3 months - yes months , not weeks . according to delonghi service it will be another month before it 's repaired . i have no faith this will happen , nor that it will work for any length of time after i receive it . their service people , while reasonably pleasant , do n't help - they know virtually nothing and seem reluctant to go beyond just answering your questions . if you 're smart , you 'll go buy a coffee machine from someone else
0 dangerously fragile . i bought these classes earlier today because they are attractive and inexpensive . i placed them in the dishwasher to clean them all prior to use , and one was cracked and a small fragment of glass had broken away after the cycle was done . i then checked amazon 's reviews , and found that this was a common experience . they 're going back to the store tomorrow .
0 your reviews must be fake-ca n't believe this item is for sale . it does n't break , chip , or even discolor , but the base has a compound kick ( depression on the outside and protrusion on the inside . this makes a very messy exit from the dishwasher and precludes removal of debris on the inside . why has n't any one noticed ? where 's the reviews ? i own a dishwasher ( gee- ) and this is a very irritating function-having to drain the glass , dry again , and place in my cabinent-geez ! do n't buy it unless you have maids and butlers . the again do n't buy it because they 'll get miffed too !
0 if you fry it , it will stick . i am simply amazed that anyone can be satisfied with this pan . i bought this pan last week . i fried bacon it on medium heat ( as advised by salesperson ) . bacon stuck . fried eggs on medium heat . eggs stuck . ok , must be my fault -- try low heat . i fried bacon on low heat . bacon stuck . fried eggs on low heat . eggs stuck . pan would not come clean with hand washing and mild soap ( as the instructions advise ) . i promptly returned the pan and got a non-stick . my life is much better . do not be fooled by the pan 's good looks . think its just me ? my wife 's sister bought the same pan . her report : everything sticks . my sister has the pan . she hates it ! guess what ? everything sticks . how can a product be so popular and perform so aweful ? you are hereby on notice .
0 plastic handle does not hold up . i 've had this for about 2 months and the handle snapped right off . when it was working it was great , but for the price i expected to get more than 6 uses ! i 'm very disappointed
0 pure junk . this pan is a pure junk . there are already a couple of reviews and the people recognize that this is not a non-stick surface . this is true to the very end , i mean everything sticks like hell . so , if it sticks , why not buy a stainless steel pan instead . all this polymer invention is complete b**ls**t ! ! ! it does n't do anything ! i am returning this and i 'll get a 1 yr-lasting nonstick calphalon from amazon .
0 be very careful . i used this seemingly incredible product and accidentally left it in the oven during a self-cleaning . it completely evaporated and left teflon covering the entire interior of the oven . i had to replace the oven ! it was toxic from the teflon powder . do not buy this product !
0 nice concept , but does n't measure up ... i was really excited to get the aluminum foil out of the bottom of my oven when i found this product , however , it did n't last very long . after less than two months use in my gas oven , this liner turned white and brittle because the non-stick surface had baked off ! i have never baked above 425 degrees , so the claims that it will withstand 550 degrees are outlandish . do n't waste your money
0 dangerous ! do not buy this model ! . i have a lot of experience with steamers over the years - mine as well as others used in stores . stupid me , then , for not realizing that you get what you pay for . my jiffy steamer finally died after nine years , but it served me well . it is a machine of substance , solid parts , very stable . trust me - you do n't want to scrimp when it comes to working with a device designed to produce streams of hot steam ! i foolishly tried to save some money by getting the conair gs10rh , and i 'm returning it immediately . the well into which the telescoping pole sits is just about 1 inch deep - not deep enough to keep the pole stable . the brackets to hold the telescoped parts extended are n't firm - any heavy jacket will make them slide . the housing itself is amazingly lightweight ; i thought that was a good thing , but now i know why the jiffy steamer 's housing seems like it weighs a ton - you really do want the unit to be solidly anchored . handling a steamer is a serious matter . do n't take on unnecessary risk by getting an inexpensive , poorly designed , lightweight steamer like the conair . spend the extra money for the product that has been the standard bearer for years : jiffy . you wo n't regret it . and even though mine died after nine years , i have no regrets , and now i 'll do the right thing and get another
0 not good design . the design features for the on/off switch is a good idea if you have dry hands and are prone to dropping things . otherwise , the on/off switch is not good at all . the button is hard to press down and is a trigger type switch that does not allow for the blade to be left in the on position . you actually need to keep a lot of pressure of the switch to keep it going . the blade was sharp for the one and only time i used it . i took it back right after thanksgiving
0 seems practical , but ... i was given mr. bento as a gift last summer . i was so excited ! i bring a lunch to work every day , and i thought mr. bento would be the perfect solution to packing a well-organized , balanced , and easy-to-carry lunch . you can imagine my dismay when the mr. bento containers leaked day after day . anything remotely soft came out from the containers , which do not seal in a tupperware sort of way . cute ? yes . impress your co-workers ? yes . but practical ? no .
0 truly mediocre blender ; truly disappointing smoothie maker . i have owned this blender for two years now and will have to replace it due to one of the plastic mixer pieces snapping off , causing it to continually leak . unfortunately it appears that i have to buy a whole new unit instead of just the pitcher portion . overall , there were definitely questions of durability over the years as small pieces broke off one by one , but it did tend to blend things . as a blender alone : it was not the most effective blender i have ever seen but neither was it the worst . it was truly mediocre through and through . as a smoothie maker : the mechanism used for the pour spout did n't allow any chunks to pass through , and it never quite seemed to blend well enough to break up those chunks . so as a smoothie maker it was not a good choice . on the good side , the stainless does look nice ... although it was a little tall
0 terrible waste of money . this is the worst blender i 've ever used . bought it to make smoothies , but it has a hard time grinding frozen things . it never completely chops up frozen fruit , so i always end up sucking down huge hunks of semi-mushy fruit when i try to blend with this thing . not pleasant . it 's also loud and it moves a lot . sometimes it vibrates so hard the carafe detaches slightly from the base , and when you lift the carafe to pour your drink into a glass you find a fruity puddle in the base 's well . i strongly discourage anyone from ever purchasing this horrible thing
0 just a caffeine delivery system . i have brewed coffee with and without the ridiculously expensive filters and can not tell the difference . if there was , i still would n't pay this much for plastic and charcoal . what were the designers thinking ? ? ? it is just coffee , not fine wine !
0 you ca n't be serious ! . after checking every store i could think of and accepting that i 'd have to go online , i laughed out-loud when i saw this price ! what was mr. coffee thinking ? i read the other reviews of these filters and became aware that i do n't even need them ! duh , i have filtered water in our house ! thank you mr. `` train man . '' the little carbon filter sounded like a good idea , but my coffee will survive without it . at least it 's not a total loss because i like the coffee maker itself . happy brewing .
0 disappointed whisk-er . i am usually very pleased with oxo products , but this one is a big disappointment . i have not found it to be good for or at anything . wished i 'd saved the five bucks
0 does n't work as described . i like the solid construction but i also like strong coffee . this machine does not `` spray the entire filter basket '' . instead , water dribbles out of a 2-inch diameter ring , leaving dry grounds at the end of the brew cycle . i sent the first one back . the replacement does the same thing . kitchenaid customer service confirms that , despite the discription on amazon , the unit does not spray the entire filter basket . i 'm sending the replacement back also . if you love strong coffee , do n't buy this machine
0 disappointed by calphalon steak knives . i chose this set of knives because of the calphalon name ( i love my cookware ! ) , german steel use , and the description , `` hygienic fiberglass-reinforced poly resin handle will not absorb moisture , crack , split , or chip . '' i was disappointed to find that one of the sets i ordered was already showing signs of rust -- even though the set was unused and delivered in a `` sealed '' box , all four handles had rust marks
0 scary to open . i bought this set of knives 2 years ago . i have not experienced the rust or pock marks that other reviewers have , and i have been pleased with the way my knives have stayed sharp even with a lot of use . the purpose for my buying this set was because of the locking feature . i have little children at home and wanted to make the knives inaccessable to them . unfortunately the locking mechanism is a little too hard to open for me . mine gets stuck on lock and then i ca n't get it open without pulling on it with great force . and when you are pulling on something full of sharp knives , that is a little uncomfortable to say the least . i have worried more than once that the force i have had to use to open it would cause the knives to all fly out when it came free . they never have , but it is unnerving . i tried to contact cuisinart about it , to no avail . no complaints on the knives , and i love that there are extra slots in the block for expanding the set , which i have . but do n't buy the product strictly for the locking feature , it is not worth it
0 bad product ! . this thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent `` hi '' mode . what a ripoff
0 disappointed . bought my first vornado years ago , and is the best fan i 've ever seen . decided to get a second one ... purchased this model . first unit had bad vibration , returned it . second unit less vibration , but very noisy . also returned . when i compare this unit to my original vornado , the quality of construction is noticeably much inferior . i do n't know if this applies to the rest of the vornado lineup or not .
0 very average . more money then its worth . makes alot of noise , small , no oscillation
0 i love oxo products but this was a huge disappointment ! . mine broke on the 3rd use ! no need to say anymore
0 do n't buy it ! . worked great the first couple of times . i did n't keep it on the charger for 24 hours ( not realizing that this is a problem ) and now the battery only works for 10 minutes at a time . it 's now basically worthless
